[Music]
m
w
[Music]
and
Hey
[Music]
Tonight on the screen you will see everything
know with news that catches you Don't you
you will be able to
move cheers and passion Get ready for
the action we go c the nights that are worth
sing secrets, roar and have fun the tea
It will catch you and you won't want to let it go anymore
[Music]
Everything that happens on TV is here.
to
Listening to each story will move you.
the night can't stop let's go what
It happens on TV, here you'll hear it
Each story will thrill you all night.
can't stop, let's go into the nights
they are going to
enchant secrets loves and fun the
The show will trap you and you won't want to leave it.
[Music]
[Applause]
more come on, the nights are starting now
you're going to love it
secrets drama and fun the show is for you
to catch and not leave it at all
What happens on TV here you will see it
Listening to each story will move you.
the night you can't stop let's go there
the nights will take you
enchanting secret is drama and fun
The show will captivate you and you won't want to leave.
never
Good night, what's up family? How are you?
We are Marina, where are you, where are you?
Marina Marina is not here. Go on, she's not coming.
Marina today What's up [ __ ] now I have
left alone in the face of danger and has not
Come Marina, what do we do? We manage.
God or I'll have to call the Geo
Marina where were you daughter Hello what's up
daughter how are you
Well, I can't even find the words.
I can't find the words today, today we have
wide we have many little things that
comment last night He was here
Francisco and it seems that he didn't like it
much the interview that Francisco gave
I loved it here, have you seen it? Oh
My God, I have to say that more or less
more or less Yes but you know what
Come on Javi, today is one of those days.
Thank goodness you're here to put it
order because I have in my head like a thousand
things related to a theme Y
there are like many satellites you know many
things not from a television level
at the YouTube level you know then there is
like many things and then I have two or
three pieces of information, okay, I want
tell more related to television
obviously with people I have put myself
in contact eh positive negatively
there is everything and then things that you have
to comment and I will give my opinion on things that
They have said that they are not true
I assure you that these are not true things with which
I'm totally amazed and then
things that I neither prick nor cut but
I will give my opinion, I will give my opinion but I am in
general
I have no intention at all of that
This will happen today, nor ever, nor ever.
I usually do this kind of things not Sor a
kiss what's wrong You're like you don't have
lant is that it is true eh How is it how is it
but no no but look Thanks Javi
oliveira Thank you very much I hope that
You had a good time with Vito Kile, okay?
I'll see it later, calmly, great.
great kid, great kid, Vito Kile, the truth
It came a little cut, it came a little
short but well eh it has been very
well it has made some headlines
important ones that I will be putting to you later
Let's see, yesterday I think it was in Francisco
because he was one of the protagonists of
the story and nothing more. I mean, I didn't have
the intention that Lara was the one who came out
Today you all waited so long today to see
You don't like to stir up the hornet's nest, right?
because I mean, you know, no no no no no let's see
We know that Javi is a
quiet person a person who
likes calm and peace then
We obviously knew that here yes
Francisco came in because this was what was going to happen
a relaxed chat Mena friendly what
It was going to go unnoticed, right?
So this is not the case, but it is
It's true that it's a [ __ ] mess. It's that
Here is what does not happen here
YouTube is that this doesn't happen on TV
It's not on TV, Jabi, it's not on TV.
the other day in the video I made from
the car I said the gossip to see one
Interview with Amador Moedano
heights already gossip was here in another
move But Javi you and I are going to
discuss eh I've seen you give your opinion about the
Amador's interview and we are in points
very different you have spoken of failure to
I did not consider it a failure
audience for the interview at all
as I liked it journalistically
but they cut it off before my time
Yes, it didn't seem like a bluff to me or
a disappointment not cut short
It was the time they had for him
It was clear how much time they had for him
but if they had been smarter
in the chain at the content level I
would have lengthened because the ending that
the best thing came that we are now talking about it
Of course it would have lengthened
That's because I didn't expect that.
last 10 15 minutes and I would have
let it go on and on and would have or
thrown at someone who came from
after that I cared rather little or
o o o I don't know or I'll call you for the week
that comes or whatever but I don't
I expected I thought it was going to be pink
Benito, there are things that also affect you.
I want to comment on that or
I would have lengthened it of course.
But well, there are things that I don't know if
Let's get into that topic too.
to go deeper but I do love you
clarify eh Anyway it has also
There were things that were not on the set that
There has also been gossip from behind the scenes
cameras and faces and things because I already
I have started talking to collaborators and
with people too and and then Well what
It happened here on YouTube that is a mother
mine
eh Let's see let's see let's start with
That topic was not going to start with that topic
But let's start with that topic because
If not, we don't know if we can be with
These things are from Amador for an hour hour
and a half that everything is going to go straight to us
with them just in case we go to
start with the topic of Amador let's see
regarding whether or not it is a failure
Man, I personally was
Speaking of failures, with a 12 for
my
Man, let's see, there were people on YouTube who
I was saying that a 12 was a failure
So for me if a 12 is a
[Music]
failure not to
see him give it a go on screen I don't do it
I see there the 11.2, that is, an 11.2 with not one
million No, not even 900,000 viewers. That is
It's not a success No, it's not a success, but yes
that the challenge that I know usually does
but there are two points of difference Lisa
Mia I remember that she made a 10 so
highly anticipated interview with a little 11
within what you are doing
I haven't seen him on Fridays lately.
failure is not a success either but it is
I really don't know how much Olga did out there.
may be or did less s cuo did but
we are going to be an absolute failure at the interview that
has gone completely unnoticed in
television and in the media and and and that no
has given us no new headlines or so
What headline got your attention then?
I'm going to say what I think is that I
Your opinion has surprised a lot
here or so it is your opinion and mine for
Of course I respect her. That's why I told you.
I say let's disagree here, well, look
It caught my attention that
It caught my attention. Well, look at you.
I'm going to say what caught my attention
It has caught my attention that
for the first time let's put on the table
Hey, after so much time, the topic of
Roco Carrasco that he had the
I have courage to say here you have me
forbidden to talk about this topic When
We haven't heard from you for a long time, eh?
thinking that it was forbidden for me to do so
say that you have spoken to a person
written with whom spoken on WhatsApp
which is a person who is in the
content meetings By the way in
all because it is in all the programs
The veto is the fact that it has been
raised the removal So to speak those
Vetoes at a general level do not come from the
Friday but it is something earlier eh By
so to speak more or less more or less already
you can talk about absolutely everything
world on tele5 more or less eh with
some limitations but it is not of this
Friday since Amador has said Hey
You have forbidden me to talk about Roco here
Carrasco but in general during
all this time it has not been possible to speak
from Roco but it's not a thing eh
spontaneous this Friday of cadora and
He said, "No, you don't let me talk about it."
Roco and spontaneously says go
Archidona no no, we don't prohibit it here
talk about no one no Eh This is about some
days, that is, a short time
before the content meetings are
It is already leaving a little clear
eh From now on there is more or less
topics that we will be able to address
in one way or another with limits
But well, little by little we will go
recovering, so to speak, normality
eh but I do think he's brave because
part of Amador Knowing what's in
that chain of planting on the table the
The topic of this has been banned here.
I want to defend this in a place where
This family has been vilified and has been
said everything about this family that
It is true here for a long time no
we have been able to defend ourselves and I was here
where I want to say this, this and this not
They have left him more due to lack of time
for whatever reason but it has happened to me
called attention in a 35 after
everything we've lived through for eh 3
years more or less 2s TR years that he is not
that he has said nothing new is that he has
said on Telecinco following the documentary
That's what caught my attention.
attention there are several things that have
said has put back on the table the
name also of Fidel who has me
called attention and also yes it is
true that eh It was no longer tele5 it was the
TV factory which had a little
the monopoly on this matter that was
the one that had the monopoly of
world of the heart we know that it is no longer
present there so I think that
know a little about the ins and outs of this topic
So, on Amador's part, I have
seemed brave Then I think that
has revolutionized the grill a bit by
the fact that we are talking about it again
this topic and not only that but yes
has been fed back into the party for
all weekend some colleagues
that they had another position if you notice
now they have a position in favor of
Amador eh And that's for some reason no
I know it's exactly because of how they are
saying that I don't know if I should get into this
topic now or comment on it later eh
as Jess Manuel has said for example
eh that has given to understand not with him
Roco Carrasco returns to Tele5
The headline is not exactly that Roco
Carrasco returns to sit in telec but
that its theme returns eh And the hurricane
Roco Carrasco to generate content
around her no and it is not that I return
she but there is the possibility that
Antonio David is present again or
be able to sit in Tele5 again
Obviously you don't have to be very
smart to know that they
They work together and have a great
relationship I think that it is evidently
has leaked Antonio David no Because
also specifies the fact of H the fact
that Antonio David can sit there
could imply the fact that
eh come to an agreement eh on the issue of
the demands on me could sincerely
understand it because it's money and it's work
But on the other hand, they have been four for 3 years
minute and speaking and defending a cause
just like Rosario Moedano did and me
It would seem disrespectful to Cara
the great blue sea that has been around for so long
criticizing every day and defending networks
social a struggle and it would be like a little
a hesitation to say I accept this eh this
with this agreement I withdraw the claims and
I feel in that chain that I have so much
criticized for 4 years on a channel
YouTube and that thousands of people
They have criticized me to defend myself
I don't know what they will think
spoken does not know the decisions of the
managers because it goes beyond a
director of the program They Haven't Heard
nothing on this matter but
Obviously I don't have the information
direct that Jesus Manuel can have for
part of one of the parts but eh what
that is stc collaborators have not
heard nothing about this matter now
well what the managers think and
Let the managers know that I have no idea.
There I have no information that I
You have forbidden me because I have not
come here before here we do not forbid you
talk about nothing eh I came here
before here to this program because I
He said he wanted to speak to defend
my family because of what she has done
with all of us it is an outrage
very big barbarity very big very
big and I can't allow it
So here I was told no no
it was forbidden that it was forbidden
talking about forbidden but it was what there was
that everyone told me to defend it
family we can't do that
say that you are within your rights
talk about your experiences under your
experience and in fact so that when
He already dies, everything breaks, I see the photo and
I remember the photo of the apartment that I hit
a photo of me on the set that I
I really didn't understand anything that if there was
I wouldn't do a photo of her there.
I wouldn't do it for
that's the one we just heard about, eh, that
They miss me a lot because she knew
what there was Ah she knew that without her
that that was good The fact is that
unfortunately he died as he did
and now each one on one side of
some good to see first of all the
Amador Moedano's theme, if it is clear,
It's not that he has been forbidden to see him
talk about roso Carrasco that I think
It is clear that it is not prohibited because
We have been listening for several months now
about Gloria Camila Ortega Cano the other
One day we were at Ana Mara Aldn Ts No.
is that you can't mention r Carrasco
Amador is that if the interview is about
on a topic and one is prepared
thematic because it is not worth it, look
you are not worth it in quotes
because in the end the part that was imported from
Amador's interview was when
Start with these topics Not everything
previous has been left as in a second
plan that is hardly even discussed but clear
This deserves an interview.
exclusively on this will answer the
documentary responding to the Claro documentary
Yes, it is true that what he has done
Amador has been saying well that
evidently they have said bar
varieties the subject of children not that
It is a bit of what has caused the most sensitivities
wounded on social media and and and in
colleagues from other programs who
removing for example Saul What is it that
that I have worked a lot with him who is
what I meant was that he has always been
defended Roco's part a little and
We have seen how good he has said that the
interview was very good
objectively I believe it too
and I also think that it is a little no
not a documentary exactly but
yes, every member of the family
including Antonio David has his right
in the same place where he sat
Roco Carrasco because people are
criticizing on social media look now
For money, the dog-man Roco dances
Carrasco, as far as I know, did not do it for free.
So as you say, I think that everyone
and each of them has the same
right in the same place of doing
exactly the same but it is
It's true that this is what he explained to you.
case of Antonio David not that I think that
On the one hand, he also has the right
but of course it would be a bit of a macro
sues all those defamations because
because there have been, or rather they have been
there have been and very fat ones throughout this
time in the end the fact that the
Although they are more directed to the factory
I don't know if each and every one of them is
only to the factory because they have been
many for almost 4 years no Then
No, I don't know, I imagine that Jess Manu
When you publish that it is with knowledge
of course cause it won't be me who
say otherwise I sense that when it
You publish, I tell you when you have a relationship
direct with Antonio David comes from there
No
and then I don't know, I'll tell you how.
They are opening certain seasons and they are going on
returning a little more to normality
even if there is a profile on social networks
social who are outraged with this that
I don't understand it because the only thing that has
Amador's fact is to defend himself at the end of
a reality that is a person who has
been ranting about a family
that it is a reality he has defended himself
in quotes for 5 minutes of what
what has been said and given its opinion is
that does not have, that is, it has neither more nor
less but but Amador has also
He has been ranting about Roco for many years.
Carrasco
not Amador
Yes, I look and I'm going to tell you the truth.
with eh In fact I'm going to clarify one
thing here just in case later in others
places I hear something different
and me with Amador, that is, I have seen him
I've heard him say things but I
I have heard from the root, correct me if I
I am mistaken I have been in the wake of
the docuseries and that Roco has had
This attitude is with all the members
of his family including one of the
first of the major victims of
Roco I think it was Amador when I
heard Amador rant about his
niece if it has been before remind me
but I am more when I was in
chipiona eh that I ate with him and with with
the members of the association were already
here and as things are to me
They treated me very well and I was able to and
being able to tell it here
and being able to speak ill of his niece or
make some kind of comments and such
not at all in fact he told me that
He had even once dreamed of his
niece with the fact that she
meets Ban and so on and so on and he passed it on
bad eh really I tell you besides me
sent a message I the good and the bad
I also say it when it comes to my mother and
such sent me a very affectionate audio and and
And today for example I have put myself in
contact with him on a professional level
because I also work on reason and
I told him the same thing that I once told him
I have published things and I think that
I've been pretty good to that family
eh Because look like Vito said
before I've been watching it in the
podcast in the end journalism and less
Heart journalism is the word
Objectivity does not exist or does not usually exist
because it is a thing of tracks and it is a thing
that is not transcendental, that is to say, it is a
something that is to entertain the being
objective which is the objective being the
gossip journalism I don't think so
It exists, eh, I told him you have the doors
open if you want to tell anything in
an interview at a talk here
You have not answered me, I think that
No, I do think that Amador has
ranting against Roso Carrasco or rather
I've heard him say a lot of things
Things about Roco Carrasco and Fidel before
from the docuseries But I still used to
we are not going to see what the public thinks
blue hearts if you think it's not worth it
And you are on the side of Amador Moedano and
Do you want him to defend himself or hearts?
If you believe that Roco Carrasco was there
right with Amador and should be
Shut your mouth Amador, let's listen
a part of the interview that you
You know a lot Marina is worth it They take you away from
museum takes you away from the museum, or rather, let's say
name two years two years working in
the Museum doing it myself, setting it up with
all my creativity because I have
a lot of creativity was beautiful and cu
months before because I had to leave
They played in everything, there was also the issue
politician there eh a little yes quite a lot
quite a lot but well, I'm the political issue
It is a topic We have always been
completely
apolitical
Well, let's see, apolitical, let's see, neither
politicians, let's see, that's true, huh?
things like But I'll tell you one thing
thing and I'll tell you the other thing, eh, I think that
Amador curated that museum a lot and that
breaking news When the new government
our dear Mayor who did not
I agree with the name that already speaks to him
several
Sometimes my dear Luis aparcero becomes
with chipi
It is when the good agreement arrives in the
agreements with Roco Carrasco and the
takes charge of the museum and is almost there
almost finished and Roco gives it four
turn ccas and that's when the light comes out
It is totally true that it is like that.
a reality and that was when I spoke
with the mayor of Chipiona
The mayor told me several things that time.
famous move I don't even want to remember it anymore
but it is true, that is, it is, it is like that
and it makes me sad because I think it's sad
that Amador has committed many
mistakes he has done things well things wrong
but but but I don't know for sure that
Between Amador and Roco Carrasco I have very
clear where I stand if I have to
position let's see that's why I knew
that on that issue you and I were going to disagree
Javi, if I had to take a position
Between Amador and Rosio Carrasco I put myself
a bowl of popcorn and enjoyed it
show whoever agrees
with me that puts hearts
yellow By the way, it has also suffered
the CONAV judicial setbacks
the Supreme Court finds the case to be wrong
psychological treatments what do you like the most
It hurts what happened to you
niece what has hurt me the most is that
abandons his children, his children, what
They are to blame for nothing and the little boy what
It's his fault that he is a blessed child.
They come to my house to see me and I can't see them.
talking about the mother they come out crying and and
That hurts me, that hurts the whole family.
It hurts a lot after the way it
way to lie to everyone with
the barbaric things he has said about
all of all of her in a way
Amador disowns the family he wants
break away from all of you
But if it has already been completely disassociated
but let's go, we're already going, I'm not
I don't even want to see her, I used to say
I say, well, look, maybe one day he will come and
and he sits with me and we talk and everything is
You can understand but it's gone too far
but beyond what can stick that
They can pass you off as an uncle with her What
It is what hurts you the most that you have
I could have done many things to you
many things have treated me like a
a rag to me, not only the thing about the
photo that seems like an outrage to me but
the things he said and about my sister
Gloria that she was raised by a man who did not know
It is not understood
nothing is not understood nothing It's that But
Javi if we have lived it for
the docuseries has only to be thrown
less tecas is what we have commented
I just can't change my mind.
the same thing they had me a while ago
year a year and a bit if this lady
eh And look, I don't know anything about other things
I commune with other people or there are things
that no but we have seen it said
barbarities with brutal hatred. That is to say
see that I understand that I am not
It's funny that he orders you to be thrown out
If you talk to me about dogs, that's the one
I say the subject but you scoundrel
you understand or so But what do you consider
you that Roco Carrasco lied about
Amador, buah, but we already have that.
That's if you ask me that question.
We generate a debate tomorrow we will
We prepared what Roco Carrasco lied about
about Amador clear very clear it is not that
Roco Carrasco launched Much Bueno apart
from the theme of the famous gala in
The thing is that there are many gaps
not in which I also participate Yes man
the famous Roco swear gala when
I was wrong about the gala issue
of Spanish television I am totally
according to Roco since when since
always but I said it in his
moment one thing is the first docuseries
where the topic of violence is discussed
of course, that is art cloo another
What is the story with the birds?
These are not Amador Moedano What's up?
sea has not charged enough from Roco
Jury if Roc Jury loves him but if
He wants to give Roso Jurado a gala
your daughter where is the problem So what
has to give his opinion
he the well at last
It came out clear, that is, me on the subject in the
theme of the gala theme of the gala
theme of the gala perfectly in agreement
that Roco Jurado does with her money and
with his gala what he wants if he gives it to her
He wanted to give his daughter as normal
because Bueno to his daughter
Well, Fidel is his daughter, let's see, eh?
clear man is that let's see not his daughter Oh
is that Fidel is going to profit, eh me when
I am married to a person what
we have is of both and the same as what
have her will be also Good of course
Okay, that's your thought, so
Yes and no, it depends, but if I love him
give my son a gala a percentage of
a gala or or or that takes the gala that I
I'm going to deprive you of that because it's going to cost you
Fidel from there or the son-in-law from there is that no
it makes sense
none of course I think that in the end they are
people who don't really look at a
An example of this is the people of the
profession, eh, for example Paloma
Barrientos people who have lived through that stage
really because it is the people who have done it
lived far beyond us or
the journalists of today that we have
arrived later
They always agree on why, why?
really the people who have lived it in
his moment does not speak badly no no nor speaks
bad caller does not speak man
evidently comments that there has been
mistakes that have been made that in the end everything
but why Why doesn't he have That vision
that Roco Carrasco has most of it
Most people in the profession do not
It is like this
Marina, a mistake is that I get up for
the morning a little sleepy and I put on the
left sock on the foot
right not to pay and to see the property
300,000 turkeys is not a mistake, it is having
shameless Well of course man but
It is that by that rule of three it is Roco
Carrasco is also convicted of Es
which is that of course it is clear that of course
But if you are, if you are seeing that
In the end what Roso Carrasco said was
that the guy had no way of
straighten it and on top of that they gave it to him
responsibilities and was not able to
take it in conditions and now you are
seeing a guy who hasn't even gone
paying taxes to Rosa's wife
Benito that poor Rosa Benito deserves
an altar of having endured what has
endured this man repeats repeats it
last one to be cut is cut times
that pink rose Benito deserves an altar of
what you have endured with this man or
be eh Nothing more than that has left him debts
And Rosa Benito has been paying debts
that this man did not pay taxes
that when as a survivor giving for
Of course Of course yes Of course
Of course yes yes yes yes yes Of course
Yes, if she has told it, she
was also
that had to be on save me and had to
to be working where I didn't want to be
pay yes yes yes I am totally
I agree with you, from there from there you
I speak the case of Roco Carrasco to everyone
the barbarities eh Really that for
My Rozano not so much and I'm not talking to you about the
person from Amador I'm talking to you about Amador de
his sister Gloria de Chayo
Of all that family for me, I think that
some limits were exceeded, I'm not talking to you about
Amador because my defense is not going towards
Amador but I don't think this is either
family in general deserved everything
that this person released through his mouth end
evidently not what he said that he didn't know
deserved it but please
we have to go back over J that they have
It's been TR years now but I think I've been roco
You ask me about the first one
docuseries and you tell me what it is that I
It seems bad and I tell you. Well, look at me.
This seems bad, this and this, but without
However, I think that Antonio David this
This and this in fact I'm going to tell you one
thing and then we will touch on the article of
Jess Manuel that article Of course it is
Antonio David behind And of course it is
lie We agree I don't know this
These are lies that Antonio is telling to
people to let go people are
lies Let's see, that's what I told you
before it is clear that Jess Manuel
This is coming from Antonio David. It's that
does not exist, that is, it does not exist, there is no other
another well that is a lie I don't know until
what point in the future cannot be
I don't see this as being so good.
remember, that is, we are going to see reactions
Regarding Amador's interview
Moedano that we have had several quite
interesting for example Maria Patio
is reacting since before the
interview okay there are sagas that have
lost the public's interest
The position of the past will pass and will continue to pass.
invoice in the present it does not matter that
whether or not they are banned, they cause
I reject it, okay, now I'll answer this one.
person I think this I think this
Hey, please keep it on screen, otherwise
I don't like it, I think it seems like it's
speaking or rather I think that Maria has
Patio here has a bit of a mirror effect
because I think that it happened to her
invoice for example this is to her eh no
There is more to see than in the wake of that change
of a jacket never Better said
literally from one day to the next
it seems that he doesn't have to have to have
a little bit of cognitive dissonance, no
remembers very well literally from a
day to the next it changed completely
thought and everything to the king of that day
She became radical and well little by little
little by little little by little
audience generated that rejection both towards
She, like a few others, took that
at last save me and it's worth it Although now
suddenly things will go very well for you. Look where
ended up being a time at home that he didn't know about
I wish no one but I want to tell you that
you have to have memory then I think that
that is not capable of self-criticism and does not
is not able to see his own mistakes and
no no no Look inside not her
The bird always sees the other's eye
then I think it's totally
angry with that subject I think she has a
pretty strong obsession and I think that
Well I think on Monday we will see the
We will see this commented with vehemence
who does it always I think is not the one
Monday they will comment on this, tomorrow they will
comment on this These people are going to comment on this
This and they have lost interest in the
public because I believe that precisely the
Tele5's intention since it set foot in
plate oh oh Olga Rosa Benito Now
Amador then it is no coincidence to see
Carmen Borrego with Olga in the background
the screen jijij Haha, there's a sheep there
keeping things looking their best while
They were talking about Roco Carrasco, let's see, I think
that Amador Moedano is not the last of
This saga that we are going to see is there
Of course not, so this is a warning to you.
I'm telling you right now
I don't know what Antonio David told me
It seems a little daring but let's remember
Javi, what did you imagine a year ago?
that Beln Esteban and Mara were going to be there
Pateo the afternoons of Spanish television
that they tell you and you don't believe it
but very little last year the year
past Yes from the beginning but you have
fixed that very little by little One day the
revolt is like Wow one day I don't know where
so little by little and they have given it to us
shoehorned in And in the end
and 15 subscribers to reach
189000 review everything you have given him
the button to subscribe to the Channel is worth
see if we arrive while we are in
direct be on the right side
always adds up and helps I'm totally in
I agree, but of course it doesn't stop there.
that is cool. Of course, but she hasn't.
fact not because of that they are as they are no eh
We have learned nothing and
eh And nothing else we have learned anything
okay that's what Maria Patio says later
We have an intervention in the program
party that we see
continuation when sitting down say my so
Roco, brave because brave because
They didn't ask him about the issue and say
something that many people think Luis and
which may be unpopular at one time
determined but it is very brave to say
the whole family
I learn learned nothing after
we have
I learn after so many years we return
to name a bad mother
woman has said nothing wrong
mother in other words has
said said and I tell you one thing nobody
asked about Roco
sack
to let's go to clos nobody asked him
For Roco we were all wishing for him
Firstly, because it is a topic that generates
content and is there commenting on it
Thanks to Amador who brought it out that
the topic of Roco Carrasco was discussed
what we all wanted and what it generates
content that talked about Rosa Well, well
It's okay but the chicha here is the sauce
the heart is in Roco's theme
Carrasco and let's not forget that this
We are seeing people from the chat who are telling us
take it personally is television by
Please, it's television, no one hates you.
Nobody has to overcome anything I know that
people take it as if it were their life
This is television then eh Royan and Saul
They are outside and hug each other then we
we see each other in a photocall and we give each other two
kisses please, this is not TV
nothing happens, it's already there, no violence
vicarious or nonsense please Roco
will be at home laughing his head off
I tell you the truth, it is that it is that
I tell you the truth and look Saul, let's see but
Anyway, hey love, let's see clearly
No one called her a bad mother, it was said
facts that are objectively
certain and that have occurred roso Carrasco
He dedicated two episodes to his daughter
putting it at the feet of the horses and
also eh Well then it is condemned in
firm for not paying his child support
son did not abandon family now like this
I think the crime is called correcting myself.
if me
I'm wrong, so there is a final judgment
that someone told me yesterday
Caracas judges can be
make a mistake and I told him, well, well, I know
have made a mistake in a civil lawsuit
Olga Moreno another civil lawsuit against Olga
Moreno files two civil lawsuits against Raquel
Mosquera a complaint for revelation of
Secret to Beln Esteban and Olga Moreno
one for gender violence Antonio
David appealed three times, one by one
uprising of good
eh And this abandonment of family for the
maintenance of Bueno a one Matamoros
also that is to say they have made a mistake mon de
judges with roso Carrasco but it is not no
It's for nothing but almost everyone I think but
Come on, if one of them turns out well, then
Phenomenal and congratulations you won
won none no Which has won has not
won none never not to see neither to
I see that some of them sound familiar to me.
published some of maiel's The one by masiel
from Masiel del Moratn the one with the bruise and
Wait wait for a more recent one No to
I don't think any of them have been published.
because I always published one thing and the other
another eh eh
the one of the
daughter the daughter's the daughter's Good
Sure, let's see, okay, eh. Wait, wait, wait.
wait tell me okay okay No no That's it already
It's already there, yes, as far as I know, those that I
know those no no s the article by Luis Uy
Luis was thinking about Luis Royan
Jess Manuel's article again
our companion to see if he stops by
Here I send you a very strong kiss
He hasn't been here for a while but
Well, here's the article: what's coming next
to say is that the headline we know why
Rosa Benito doesn't speak to her ex-husband
Amador Moedano that this is something that
Amador Moedano has lied no This is
something that in the interview Amador
He lied. Eh, well, well, according to what I have
also seen
em Well I don't know if it's the same thing
Jess Manuel says it is the same.
that what Marisa Martn has said
blque yes it is the same thing speak okay okay it is
The same goes, I wanted to read it.
literally just in case there is any later
confusion lest they get into
Mouth words that one has not said because
I have written to Rosa But why do I say
Well, this is also being told.
I'm going to write to Rosa to find out her
version knew kiss Laura knew
that knew Oh Laura how beautiful she knew that
I wasn't going to answer because let's see, I think
that has things with Friday but
Well, it was my duty to write it too.
I say Hey is this true to confirm or
deny and no he has not answered me and
Of course what counts is that, well,
Read it yourself if you want if it's the same as
Read Marisa's thing yourself and see. Here it is.
various reasons and various rolls that
Rosa Benito has had since Amador
is collaborating on a YouTube blog and
joins a YouTube blog no
and first of all everything that Rosa is going to do
telling the Amador the Amador it
tell the youtuber and the youtuber then
takes out exclusive videos and releases it in
his live performances and in his videos Okay
Then Rosa Benito tells her closest friends
relatives who joined as
panelist on a program is okay And no, no, no
Nobody knows and everyone finds out
because this YouTube channel releases it
not because Amador has been
So that's what I remember that
I published it exclusively for the reason but
Well, it doesn't matter, maybe he told it there.
also eh I don't know well well that's it
It's already when he went to Son Soles F where
It was or when he came back to TV, right?
any other program anything to
the best maybe another Maybe another
different But well eh And apart from
That's what Amador is leaking.
information to a youtuber for what it is
tell the news Once you find out
Rosa asks Amador and gets angry about it
phone very bad words and a tone
Roco Carrasco's uncle is unpleasant
immediately gets in touch with
the YouTube channel professional for
that does not give the news He gives it anyway and
Amador coin does not allow it to be crushed
for days verbally to Rosa Benito
on this channel At that time Rosa
Benito says end of story with this guy
once again that he has betrayed her and they are
a few So yes it is true that
Rosa Benito I remember I even that
I was posting Instagram stories
saying that he was going to sue the YouTuber
that takes action Ah agreement okay is that
What I don't understand is that according to
Amador they have not spoken for 8 months and
and then what Amador says is that he
He doesn't know the reason why she has
blocked or what counts is that
how it is done, it is not as if he does not understand
reason why she has
blocked that they have had as several
family gatherings and what he
does is try not to coincide with her
because he is aware that she
He doesn't want to see him but he doesn't seem to know.
why he has blocked you but I'm going to
tell one thing here and nothing happens
for telling this I guess And it is that eh
both of them have the same photo
placed on your social network profile and
the or so appear in the profile photo
Obviously I'm not going to teach it. But well, in
your social network profile photo
private in Amador Rosa leaves
So I don't understand anything, I don't
I don't understand anything because they don't talk to each other, I don't know.
They talk already, I know they don't talk to each other, that's why
I tell you I don't understand anything I don't understand
nothing because it will be a family photo no or
some of that eh Yes but come on it's not that
come out 40 do you understand me then call me
The attention is not that 40 come out, they come out
five and Rosa comes out in Amador
So I don't know, it surprises me a bit.
little You know I mess around a little bit in fact with
I say to both of us, let's see who's who, but
I don't know, it caught my attention.
that caught my attention. So of course
Well supposedly the reason This is the
reason according to Jess Manuel that I understand
Let's see, this is my speculation but
Maybe I'm guilty of being clever.
but I can understand that maybe
Amador spoken with Antonio David and
Antonio David has told Jesus
Manuel and Jesus Manuel publishes it Let's see
I can't think of anything else Why Jesus
Manuel knows that information to see this
article by Jess Manuel evidently
will come from Antonio David I
I think it's that Antonio David is going to
return is said to be the next Look
Antonio David is a bit of a do-it-yourselfer
noise yes anton knows perfectly well how
This works, you've done it many times already.
times in their live shows, that is to say, it's not that
I've been offered I don't know how many exclusives
I have been offered I don't know how many
interviews but I don't want to but
blah blah blah blah you say the subject of
the demands I still maintain that no
there is no demand nor macro demand nor
mega Okay, well, I'll tell you
Okay, what are you waiting for?
I think, that is, I think. Well, I think I'm not.
almost certain and I say it here today because
It's March 16th
no that Amador is going to
Amador returns to Friday
I don't know if it's Friday but when I get back from
imminent form to
Tele5 today is the 16th today is March 16th Well
I don't know, I don't know what day but soon
we'll see again so we'll come back
to talk about the topic here in brief is that
It seems that it has been left little you know
It has been left there that no yes yes maybe
clo you have to have to maybe
complete the theme of Roso Carrasco and
But what about Anton coming back?
Well the truth is I have my I have my
I doubt this, but maybe we'll see one day.
the vetoes are being lifted then
the last step of lifting the vetoes
It is Antonio David himself, not that he is with
the one who started but news I think that
It's taken a little off the air now
Same eh Which one are you referring to I think?
It is taken from Antonio
David I also think it comes from a
see that I also think it comes from
there but but what do I not want to tell you?
knowing how they are doing
events now I'm not telling you that
right now but don't be surprised
medium term see him Why you
It would be surprising the way things are going
the events to you who was going to
say a while ago that we were going to see
Talk to listen to talk about Antonio c Yes
that seemed like the dictatorship of the
Miss transm in Matilda, don't you think so?
It would seem strange to you to see it today.
today to Antonia
I saw I don't know the truth and Roco Carras
with the public on television
Spanish to me it is that I no longer I do not know
is that Antonia saw to return with a
interview like this for that is It should be
an exclusive interview about him not very
It extends into a kind of documentary.
agreed to a documentary, a kind of
documentary man I don't know
there in the middle of a Friday between
through two other guests in between
I don't know, but well, the chicha has been in
YouTube Marina and well then there is
There's been a fuss, okay. In fact, they've already told me
warned and I've been watching a little bit of
that this YouTube partner who is
where Amador is staying
Moedano last night Francisco was here and
That has sat very badly with him and apparently
just made a direct insult after
insult for Antonio David insults for
Jess Manuel for sacasa article
insults for me insults for good
For Francisco it has been a tremendous insult
No, I mean, let's see a little, let's
listen or rather a little of what
It was said this afternoon that not tonight
Okay, very good guys, are you listening?
tremendous everything that is happening and
tremendous what I have to say to you
You already know that in recent days
Some people are making it up
a parallel world saying that they are not and
taking advantage of the Silence of
Amador
Moedano in the end this has ended in
fight has ended in fight and in a
brutal anger, okay, I'll put you in context
Okay, it turns out that the other day Antonio
David comments that Amador has been
talking with Amador And when they pass
The 15 days of exclusivity Amador leaves
to pass through the Antonio David channel
Of course, people think this is great.
interesting because a live performance by Antonio
I love Amador Moedano, the two of them.
commenting on their experiences and things that already
You know answering the documentary? Well yes.
that may have repercussions then
As Amador is a friend of this gentleman from
Blog is worth a YouTube channel.
It turns out that the YouTube channel
He gets angry, he gets very angry and says no
that the scoop and the exclusive has to
be his that when the exclusive happens
You have to go with him because that is not true.
that Amador owes it to his followers
Well, that kind of story will sound familiar to you.
from the past stories with interviews no
And how do they get when there is Yes but
that interview I want to remember that I
It's very funny if it weren't for the fact that I
that
moment I have the grace to put myself
in contact with you And be the one who
the one that gives that ease of Hey, take it, take it
the number of such and such has been suggested to me
This is because if not I would be the only one
had access to you I could have
said then I will keep quiet and such contact could
have contacted no no but he asked me
He asked me to do it. Yes.
but if you hadn't had the
phone would have already managed and me
continued in
Twitter qui
Yes yes Good for what it is but the
history the story is that when there is
I don't know how to see, it can't be done like this. Look and
It's like I'm telling you what I believe.
okay, so I know that the other one has
set like a hydra and has burned
Much Amador and Antonio David are family
That is, Amador is the great-uncle of the
children of ex Look, I'm going to put it like
example Fran You know that Fran always
everything you have to talk about and such
respond on my channel because on your channel
considers that it is animals and he is not there
talk and always talk to me Okay
then Fran has been carrying Fran has been carrying for a few
how many years with me and and a few
We have a few things with me, eh?
Nothing more than came out everything always speaks in
my channel no So if suddenly Fran
He tells me tomorrow I'm going to go to a
Direct from my friend Roberto Vaquero It's
as if I get angry and say no no no
No, no, you understand me all here, man.
See Amador has been there for 3 years I think they have
has been making some headlines now that it is
they have not taken advantage of those headlines
But Amador has been telling anecdotes
giving some brutal interviews, that is
It happens that you don't know how to get the most out of it and
There has been no game but Amador no longer
has more new to say on a channel of
YouTube has already said it All on YouTube
has been talking on YouTube for 3 years about
free of charge and there have been times when
the ones that have been headlines eh And things
that have gone unnoticed because they have not
you are taking notice of the one you are
interviewing and not getting any juice out of it and such
Okay then em
For me, here's one thing I say with
all the respect in the world, eh, and you saw
that for example last week or the
another one not when everything happened with Fran, well
You know that they were calling me
of several programs to go to
explain more or less what was going on
going on to give statements and then
When Fran came we had that live show
where Fran speaks for the first time in my
channel was a very expectant live
40,000 spectators and that sort of thing
No. So for me the owner of the
Canal had gotten the idea that this
could now be what he was going to
live Amador on television That's what he wants
say that now I'm going to go out and that and
that Amador when he leaves will come here
and we're going to have 40 here, I think that's it.
This is what happened, very exciting
He grows a mustache and buys a shirt.
new, that is, they are a series of impressions
that has given us people Vale what it is
What happens is that when Anton says
that when the 15 days pass it will give
Amador is going to visit his channel because he
kick up a fuss but I don't
I understand where the chicken is or where
people are going to see a talk by Amador
where it will have an impact on the
means and where the thing will be
It is an interesting talk because they are
families, that is, Amador Moedano, the uncle of
Roso Carrasco with Antonio David
flowers Where is the problem there let's see
Well, the problem is Javi.
You have explained it with a lot of sense
common should not be anywhere or
I wouldn't have any problem with it
done I would understand
perfectly and if I don't understand it I have
The one who has a problem is me, that is
I would actually be happy and understand
but apart from that, who am I to
understand or fail to understand that each
one is free I would be grateful for that
person for coming for free for 3 years
to my channel I would understand that there will be
greater impact are also family
It's also a moment on television and Hey
But let's see then or Well, congratulations
Go to the Channel you want. It's that also
I don't even have to talk to you or me
you have to give any kind of
explanation nor do I have to do
no public statement is me
but of course it is not if we enter into
assessments of how each person reacts
and why would we have to call a
psychologist is that what are we going to do?
To say is no, it's not that I don't know what
to say is the gossip that has been formed
but of course now the Blog has
started insulting the collaborators of
Antonio David the collaborators of
Antonio David answering Antonio
David also answering that you know
that he is hurt with that channel for things
that have been said on that channel about the
Roco Flores punishment collar when
that guy jumps out of the helicopter
issues and so he has set up a
a brawl that for me what he has done is
put Amador in a difficult position in a
you know in a commitment in which
In the end, Amador probably won't.
will go to Antonio's Channel and give this to me
It reminds me of the interview with the
2021 interview, that's what I think
remember completely and here we are
Hey, but listen to me one thing, but let's go
see the thing is why the easy thing is
some people do it like so so
twisted or rather I want to tell you
eh And how is it possible that something that is
in quotes, pretty in quotes or
that two people meet again
publicly on a channel to talk about
whatever, even if it is a controversial topic
more or less of whatever
eh Why does it generate that in the end someone
get away with it and that person
sits between quotation marks committed slash
shy or whatever and not going to
Please another I ask you, eh? Because
He's throwing things in Ay mira's face
My followers are going to your house
Such a follower you owe it to the Alasans
and that's what I'm telling you. I mean, I don't know.
It crosses my mind If suddenly
Frank after all the live shows that
has given us on my channel and all the
gifts that he has given us not that one day
Tell me, Hey Javi, I have to comply.
I'm going to spend time with this person.
who is a person as if I tell him
Fran not to go to the
anthill imag I mean it's not like but it is
that of the Canal for which we are
seeing the pieces you are seeing now
before starting the live he considers
that the fact that Amador had
an aside from that I think he has
imagined that I was going to be like Javi
Oliveira and others these days
he considers why he mentions it So
the fact that Amador went to
Friday is an important event of your
channel says every time we have a
important event of our channel The
People comment and it's like, let's see, I'll even
where I know it has been commented here when
We had Marta Riesco here
rest of the channels I talk to them or
They haven't commented on it, I haven't said a word.
eh himself when we had here to a
a lot of things and a lot of
famous Fran cuesta himself He has them
commented that we do not because Fran
Last night he said there that I don't know what, that is no
I understand why we can't
comment now on Amador and the
gossip that he has with Antonio David or
he has already started threatening, well
threaten not that he says that tonight he will
will dedicate himself to putting try to all the
colleagues also let's see if we are going to
fall here live to you too
see well I don't know I don't have content
I don't know what kind of strike he can give me.
put but well he says they are strikes
that do not come off but that Toa strike O
be you were there the other day
reacting on your live channel to the
interview from Friday and you are going to
put strike but why are you going to put
strike So you can comment on what
you want and people can't comment
That's not what's going to strike.
and how good a stone of insults to
Francisco a stone of insults to Jesus
Manuel, a stone of insults to everyone
the world But also Well, let's see
I don't want to get too involved either, but
It's always a bit the same modus
operand and not with everything, that is, it is like Two
more Two like But why strike Yes yes
strike that is going to give him a strike and and that
tonight is going to be dedicated
at night to put strike yes blackmail
I was going to say it, I didn't want to say it but
Salom just nailed it, yes it is a little bit
Emotional blackmail is a bit like that.
yes no no yes yes yes yes we will continue
listening a little but this is not the
direct eh the direct has been insult
insult But well here we have for
part of the Indian translated a
I'm going to tell you things briefly
I would love to tell you all the
details but I think it is not appropriate
But Amador Moedano, you already know what he does.
a few days before Friday
when the Rosa Benito thing came out and that he
He answered on our channel he said that
that when he did his interview, well, he
was going to be the first to call us or what
we would call him if he was going to visit us
ask to appear on our channel in
Scoop was something he decided that
at no time did anyone ask him and that
He did it by his own decision, then he didn't know
knows why Francisco and other people
They said they are going to try to manage
so that Amador would go somewhere else
knowing that Amador had already said
publicly the opposite I don't know with what
intention I don't know with what desire and
taking advantage a little of the fact that
Amador could no longer speak or defend himself.
we quickly when you started
to hear those things I said I had
These calm ones that Amador has told me
that will be here and well if it were
On the other hand, nothing happened, we carried TR
years with him and let's see nothing happens but
people who were a little upset say
that that no that Amador has not lied to the
public that is going to be here because we
He loves us a lot and knows that we are all there
time and really appreciate it a lot
to the community, to the Zana and to myself
What a thing I am grateful for and also for me
it's a prize
I'm always saying no suddenly
We are seeing how after the success of
An interview with Amador is coming to us
Amador brutally attacking on TV
My networks have very few channels
also what to say for not saying one and
half with a forcefulness that I remain
scared because they practically say that
We are a bunch of idiots that no one sees.
I'll see. It's that reality is like this. Let's go.
to
see what I saw the other day when in
click that they sent me because
Obviously it doesn't bring me a live broadcast
so many hours not when when Amador
I was giving the interview and I wasn't even there
not even paying attention to the headlines
friend was almost me
He almost mentioned that he was going to say our name.
and he fell silent, I was going to say then
you are waiting for the statements of
Amador or are you waiting to see if you
mention it in a place where you don't want it
that they mention you and the Let's see is that they don't mention you
They can mention because they don't know you or
be and and and and there Marina I tell you in
Seriously, because I put it on somewhere.
occasion I already explained it yesterday Amador has
given of
statements, that is, it is almost a shame
because of course the juice has not been extracted from it
that had and has not been
driving but Amador has given during
3 years of free declarations
without any type of filter and Limit O
be you know what it is that a character
don't tell you no this topic no this topic Yes
This topic no no no no without any kind of
filter now has not known gives juice no
They haven't seen it, not even Peter, my son.
I haven't seen Peter, I've always seen him.
Amador is very loyal to that channel, really.
Hey, there must be a reason why I still see him.
faithful and I hear him that he wants to be
there such And if he wants to be there and he doesn't
does it in a conditioned way and sees what
I don't have much more either.
What to say but come on, I do believe that
If I were him, yes, I would go. Yes, yes, he would.
yes, he wants to go to the Canal de de
Antonio David I don't know, I've always seen
to Amador with, that is, no longer with more
personality or less but I love you
say that no one if he wants to go to the Canal
by Antonio David In this case Who doesn't
I tell you it's that person but who
Hey, who's going to leave you know, I mean, Who?
I don't know it's that no no I don't know I would go like
that is, at the level as a spectator as
journalist, that content does suit me
It's interesting to see it. In other words, in the end it doesn't leave
being the great-uncle of the children of
Antonio David is united by a past
television unites them in several themes
common to me yes I am interested it is the same as
I tell you that there are other live shows of
Antonio David what am I saying? I don't give them to you.
I'm going to see but see Antonio David with
Amador Moedano in a live performance then
It is obviously a yes as big as a cathedral
So they are depriving us of it.
that they are depriving us whoever it is or
however it may be to see that spectacle that
you want we can't we can't even give an opinion
that gives us strike we can't even
mention that this topic puts us that
we are you and I talking about what makes us
strike that this cannot be spoken but
Let's see, Amador is a character.
public two is something they have been
speaking publicly, some and others three
If you get a strike for being
talking about this qu What do you have or is it
you as I do not understand
YouTube is what I understand that there is no
no strikes to accept
I understand, eh? I don't know if they do it
fraudulently in some strange way
but I understand that no. So TR is
Here we are not putting any content of
Nobody understands me. Well, still out there.
They threw a little but I didn't put any
content of no one then we spar to
see if you put
counting content is that you do not put an ex
That is, you talk about whoever you want.
You say whatever you want or are when I have
been with Fran's things there they have been
been commenting when I've been
with things from Tania and the other
They have been commenting on what has happened to him
He wins over everyone as if he didn't know
You can talk like you're making up your mind. But
It has been good
Now suddenly Francisco has
since Francisco Bueno a lot of
insults to Francisco that to Francisco
I put up with it because he was the only one
contact that I had which is the only one that
I was going there to give him information and
fill the live shows and that was the only one
that and that's why he put up with it that
condemnation of Francis now suddenly yes
He cares about the condemnation of Francis that
Amador has no conviction, he also said.
I also heard that this afternoon that
Amador was not condemned to see that
He has convictions, of course he has a conviction
man but clo who has a sentence
for the dogs and he wanted to throw you out
the dogs remember Yes what happens is
that the complaint did not prosper there
times that criminal complaints
prosper and others that do not and did not prosper
Do you understand me why? Well, because I don't.
They would see it realistic, let's see, I know what
that I'm going to see you and of course I understand that when
things don't go well for him when he's doing well
Well, congratulations, good morning, nice to meet you.
Having you here I love you when not the worst
But I also tell you I wouldn't trust
nobody and when it belongs to nobody it belongs to nobody
Neither of one nor of the other. This seems to me to be a
Javi circus really like tel
fan spectator You know that fan but of
trust is that you can't trust anyone
here eh But well yes it is true that
No, yes, but Francisco, yesterday you were here.
you heard nothing bad or rather he said
which is the same thing you are saying
Amador man It would be very nice if you gave
an interview Ah totally totally
And well, he was commenting on Rosa's story.
Benito that Rosa Benito and cho moedano
Well, they don't get along, they don't have good
relationship nor do they want to enter the channel
where for the father but it is a reality
That is, Rosario Moedano went to Rosario
Moedano went to the Albert Canal and the
husband of and the husband of Rosario Moedano
with the only channel that has spoken has
been with me, that is, those are things that are
objective but no no no you don't have to
Getting angry because Francis says that is
my opinion
eh I remember that our channel has like
six times larger global audience than that
For example, Antonio David's channel does not
because it looks bad to say it No, we are not going to
hide last month we had 8 million
of spectators we have six others
seven whatever no this I'm going to pass
a little bit that are the visits that seem
that or that he was not going to give an interview
that he was going to stop by there to say hello, no
also understand why suddenly everything
This controversy, all these attacks
also towards my person that they leave me in
Peace, look at the criticism, eh, look
So what are you doing?
making it so that Antonio called Amador
and he told him not to call Amador
Antonio David and scolded him
Antonio David Who they are And on what foot
They limp. Each one I know that when there is
desire to do harm is not done
Sadly Amador has seen all this
he has become very angry he has become very angry
with those outside, not with us
spoken with Antonio David in private and
has told him kid what's going on O
whether you are
I have decided on Juan Jo, I don't understand
why are you doing all this and
apart also saying something that for me
It is very important, Amador also said that
that he was not going to give an interview that he was going to
to stop by there to say hello, he doesn't understand
also why suddenly everything is
controversy over all these attacks
also towards me
person who has gotten angry at Amador because
Anton has
sold has sold as an interview
that was going to be going through the channel to
say hello and it's like that's not what happened
with Antonio's interview with Uncle Te
I was going to say it right now. I mean, I was
thinking I say but yes because that's what I'm
that I told you, that is, it was the intention
It was a greeting but I knew why he didn't say it
I wanted to sell like this, not for the same thing.
same same same man wise
We know Amador and he likes him a lot.
talk, chat and such in a good way
It wasn't going to be a greeting and that's fine.
If it's me, it seems like a fantasy to me. Then
Me now This is generating more
expectation and I believe Javi that at some point
moment this is going to happen and it doesn't happen
nothing if there is no need to create war
Please, we are not 5 years old.
This seems absurd to me, it seems to me
It's really absurd, it seems surreal to me.
We have Salado for the usual reason, no
there is more I mean when I get out when they pass
the 15 days then it goes through the channel of
Antonio and little else, there's no need to mess it up, no
there are those who know but all because in the
Antonio David's channel where he will have
spectators but each one has what
has No, it's already there, but it's that, but to Vero
person common sense can or can
throw that tantrum with 40 tacos
because another person has another channel
no no no no no Really really
I tell you, nothing happens if it is that
honestly no no no no I don't achieve no
I can understand it and it gets even more complicated
that point of of of of Let's go as if
out life in them boy that does not pass
nothing that is a television character that
there was a television program
half an hour to tell some experiences that are
wants to go through a channel and since it is not
Our lives depend on this, nothing happens
It's that I
It's true, for example, when Fran comes out
from prison those statements were indeed
expected because a super hyper thing
mega viral that everyone was waiting for
but that Amador sat down
Friday people are not waiting for their
next appearance on YouTube you know then
no but it's that Ah now with all this
that is being generated with this controversy
and now yes, yes, yes, finally Amador
goes to the Antonio David Channel will have
more chicha Val de Antonio David Yes yes no
No
but of course but because if Antonio David
I understand it as a challenge to the other
channel in the background you know it's not going to be
that's not going to happen then but you're here
wanting we are wanting to give to
understand that it is a little
submissive I think that I think that I think
that I think that I think it's not going to work
Leave me alone No, but Amador
He also said that he is quite
pissed off with the attitude of certain people
people and with the nonsense they are doing
saying on channels not to step on the
life that will not step into the life that knows
also the nonsense they have said about him
the continuous defamations they have said
He also tells me that about him
criminal conviction that they are saying that
They say he has a criminal conviction that
where it has been
I have obtained the criminal conviction for the
dogs that's there in all the media
No
But not
I understand, I don't understand why, but let's see what
nothing happens. It's already the same as free.
let's see what happens, he doesn't have any
criminal conviction of nothing to be reported
well before saying
barbarities and there comes a time when
This is absurd because they are
taking advantage of the fact that he cannot speak
we have to be
talking and it's very sad and very shabby
because at a time when everyone
world has to be united against
trash TV against bullying
against the beards
but I don't understand why we have
that we be united against any
TV is that he is gathering pears with
Manzan this no longer has is diverting
not a little bit the thing totally or that is
totally What cause of what cause
We are talking now because we are
speaking out against trash TV
So what do we say?
totally in fact in fact It's not because
nothing the miniatures and the 90 for all
the occasions are there is I mean no no
consistency is not shining now
same eh He's not angry no I mean there is
something that has thrown her off balance this weekend
week is angry this is that I my
life would not revolve around this, that is to say
done I would take another one Well that's it
good is
that is that I don't know what to say, there are people who
wants to be the protagonist when he hasn't been
has been inventing hoaxes like Tele5
inventing absurdities, each one more than the last
fat and also put to try also
to sadden or worry others
spectators with real nonsense
trying to say that Amador is a
sold out or that Amador is only after money
or things for the
style, one's actions reveal him as
are no I think people already know about
which foot limps each one is very sad
see the people you love
trust those you want to trust
you realize that you can't and it's very
It's sad to see that when things are going well for you, they always
There will be someone who wishes you ill but
It's not that they wish you bad but rather that they give you the
worst image of you possible not for example
They say that the Amador interview has been
a failure when it has made the
Antena 3 challenge to reveal the worst data
historical of its history and that on top of that the
difference between Tele5 and Antena 3 is
just a point and a half and that in addition the
Amador interview has doubled the
Jos Mota's program, which is not
Neither Olga nor Rosa Benito nor
They got a minimum of Antena 3 nor
They got the minimum from Jos Mota is that
is
It is tremendous that it is attempted
deny the
things I've heard a journalist since
a serious press newspaper saying
that the Amador interview has been a
bored
has not spoken about Roco Carrasco as it is
I supposed that is to say here he screwed up a bit
Well no, I want to throw a spear there.
So in his favor it's not that he screwed up, it's
that he made a mistake because he had a problem
with I don't know what It's already It's that people
also takes advantage of the minimum to pray
a mistake of a person ad Well but
He apologized. It's just that people don't
We are obviously going to crucify him very much.
good to see but to see it is a mistake
chair that is criticizable, damn it
to say no no to the interview no I don't speak
of ros man yes yes it was the part Less
At least it's a good thing that at least he got it
that little part, well, let's go if not
interview is not saved by the
I suspect people are talking about the
interview without having seen it is brutal
foolishness, stubbornness and from here
thank mik Vasco and Javi giving clarity
and to many colleagues that I have not been able to
see them all also as a night owl or
sea
eh Let's see if I understand When I see it,
criticized because he didn't watch the interview
complete and is thanking you
other youtubers without having seen their
videos you don't know what they said
Ah, that is, in the same second, eh, of a
second to another the truth is that it is
One is that it is clear to hear it with this voice
It's so much like it's confusing me. Of course.
Of course, but what's happening? Ah, you
You put TR and you're right, but what's going on?
It is not lawful no no no it is whatever that is
man, that is, I trust you if I put
exes to every person who uses my
content how many people are talking about
me at the end of the day How many channels are there
doing live shows reacting to my
live shows and my videos every day
for hours but I don't get to
throw it away. I mean, people have freedom and
That's what we're here for on YouTube, you know.
It is clear that listening to this voice as
so so so so me me me me doesn't let me
get completely into the role you know but
Well, I try, I try, Tele5 doesn't.
has allowed no one to do so and instead of
value that courage and those balls
try to make noise to have a
prominence that they do not have in this
history see several people
debating where Amador has to go to
do a live show when it is your decision
of Amador and he has always been the one who has
decided noos I have never asked him that
It's tremendous And the public has been
witness of that you can also follow
trying you can keep saying
real atrocities like I am
extorting Amador the only one who is
being extorted to go to another
side is Amador Mohedano and he is
writing down everything and what you are going to achieve
in the end it is that he does not go to the other side
practically last night I already had
almost decided not to go to the other side because of the
nonsense you are listening to and why
He was just going to say hello, he doesn't understand everything
what is being set up and the cynicism of
many people and by the way Amador too
He has become very angry that they are talking
on your behalf by inviting you to channels that
I will never step on it again in my life. I repeat myself
It looks tremendous tremendous like a child
This is small, eh, or so I am what
sees a small child hurt because it's like
Amador is angry because Francisco is here
He said he said it as a joke because I
I know that Amador is obviously like
consumed there in the world the San not I
I know that Amador is not going to come here. It's that
no no doubt about that no good it has been done
Amador was very angry because Francisco
Here he said, well, I don't know what he said.
It's not even like something was not
was serious what he did was here a
comment of the good stick do not close the
door that might want to come
loved one day here is not like me
the money that that gentleman comes like that
Don't come to me, what surprises me
I will need an Amador here, but not me.
What surprises me is that [ __ ] I
I understand that he, for example, that with the
The theme of the ukus series at the end generates you
rejection on television live calmly
in the field which is your home and you
you take refuge a little on YouTube or you
you feel a little bit in quotes just not and
In the end, this will keep you company, right?
In this case, that channel and the people
It seems great, really, but from there to
turn it a little bit into Well look
exactly what we criticize as unique
not only thought but it seems that
That is not a religion but like everything
you know as a word like that only
worth that and the rest up to the point of
that you want to do something you have a
I wish to pass you through a channel to stop
whatever and for h or for B It is changed to you
the chip and don't do it and a person
try to turn the movie around
saying look what you have
achieved that it no longer works when in truth
it's not going for whatever for for for
because you are hurt and you don't want to
wow, and it totally shows with your attitude
It's a shame but in life there is a lot
people like that are worse but it is very noticeable
you are happy because it is always the
It's always the same way of acting
you know how how But you think that the
anger may be because they have not
used a clip of yours on TV but
Let's see, but why are they going to use it?
a clip of yours on the Rosa Benito theme
and the Carrasco River is what it seems to me
It seems but of course I can't put
the clips but they sent me the clips
Friday and it was almost no men
we are banned we are banned and it is
as vetoed gave but if it says the
youtubers are banned in media s and it is
But if I have been in the Iker
Jimnez in Ana Rosa in Nacho on Thursday
They called me again about Nacho Abes
I don't know what topic they wanted to discuss with me.
They wrote to me but I already told them that
you were asleep I say you see my face
representative is not asleep is that er
10 in the morning I say no it's yes yes
but I don't know what topic because the thing about
Fran can't talk right now.
You can't say anything else, there's nothing to say
speak you don't understand me either it was the era of
theme was Fran's was from the was Fran's
Thursday again, yes, but what is it that you
I say, so I'm not banned.
Ah, in person, code 10, no, Joaqun
Campos is not a youtuber but hey, he has
a fact well known in the world of
YouTube lately and has also been
for the dishes now, that is, the YouTubers
They are not banned because they have not been released
because they don't know him but let's see it is
that apart eh or so makes you important
the one they mention you on a program
phone
per illus is It is that it does not have to me is that
It seems real to me
eh I don't know eh so your day sac sa
take it out there in reason or something no he no
Well now when you go, you'll be right there.
you're going to your TV for now
I'm starting, I'm starting with that one, but maybe
hook no I'll tell you I'll tell you
Let's see, little by little, little by little, take it out
there is that I don't know if I don't know if it calms down
The bad thing is that I want him Put a burst to
the TV if you don't like what
They say I don't know if at some point there
We have talked about all these topics
Yes, but I don't know about the YouTuber theme.
sometimes yes Maybe sometimes yes I have you
mentioned I don't remember I don't remember
but in the end they are attitudes a little
absurd not perceived from the outside as
absurd already when we have an age
no but I don't know it's that I don't know I don't know but
but I don't know, I don't know what will happen then
people I mean people in general what they believe
Look, I think we should, we should.
conduct a survey on the IRA channel first
to yours or to Antonio David's I
I think the one from the Blog
eh And it's likely that it won't go where
Antonio David in the end because of course it is
Just look at Antonio's attitude.
David, here I pose another question Marina
Even stronger for the people of the
chat eh
Hey, what do you think the answer is going to be?
from Antonio David to this move of the end
of the week because of course if the other day
Antonio David and others reacted
because they called Piqui Claro a thug
They would leave Antonio David in a very bad position.
that now they don't say anything about Francisco
They told Francisco everything tonight
eh I don't remember the insults by heart
over there in the chat and over there in the
chat If people want to remember us
a little but Francisco has thrown it
a rain of
insults says the Indian says the Indian to the
that he
pay, let's start the bidding for Amador
moedano V me 50 50 bucks Marina come
Hope they continue to complete the objective
whoever thinks that the one from the Blog And who
I think that Antonio David's comment
in it
chat but
not a turncoat, look, turncoat, traitor
He has told him a lot of [ __ ].
insult during the time that I was
watching while we were premiering
That's clear, Manui, that the blame goes
to be from Javi Olveira we already know that
No And on top of that here I am with the collateral Yes
you'll see no no no Of course of course of course
but but but you have also left
damaged but indirectly as
I always don't understand what s Eh yes for me
There are insults and I don't know if the strikes
It also applies to me the insults yes
strike I don't know if it's for me or for FJ
Well, I don't have any content from him.
I removed all the content from it eh
you know what I'm telling you the shirt yes he is
I think he was excited
because he now shaves like me
since I saw myself shaved, he shaves
like me he bought a new shirt and
I was there at night waiting for
What if it was going to come out in the
TV and they didn't put it on and I think that
between that, eh Amador promising and the
Antonio Viid and Francisco Canal Here
has pinned Pam's new explosion shirt
this
night but maybe it will lead back to
What is the name of the YouTuber?
This one of those you are talking about
times of those that I don't like to the one that I like
Troy Ah could could lead to
could
I saw a clip of yours today on
Twitter is that I know I don't know why
This man comes out in me It's that I think that
I have the one for you, that Elmo The Wigs
I laughed a lot at this one, I laughed a lot
with that tweet that is a drawing of yours or
Let it be true that I have read The Wigs
and you come out with a live broadcast of yours from yesterday and the
Master, I have seen you winged, me, me
laughed a lot tell me with that I laughed is
inevitable yes I was going to retweet it
has forgotten er Inevitable to see we have
The opinion of El Indio because it is that
Of course Antonio Avid has also put himself
with the
The Indian is polled but not Antonio David
in the community tab of your channel
YouTube puts what opinion you have of the
Amador's interview would not have it very
clear or whatever is fine And he put that
and the Indian answers that he is going to win
a
blocking an exercise in cynicism and
falsehood was very useful for him to bring up the subject
pink so as not to talk about her lies
and their miseries nor the real reason for it
that his wife blocked him from leaking everything to the
that youtuber who is such a good person and
that you and I esteem so much that
true Every time I spoke to your daughter
He didn't have time to tell this to this one
youtuber so familiar that so many times
I denigrate her in so many ways, in short,
The interview was [ __ ]. The only thing is
which has served to fill the
pockets put your daughter back in the
pillory on social networks and that again
an army of crazy people returns
denigrate her with a matter already known by
everyone has a mouth, she doesn't need that
Nobody comes to speak for her I hope that
Even if it suits you, don't upload it.
Channel thinks the important thing By the way
I love Roco's evolution since
who left television focused on his
company, your partner, your family and your
little dog, greetings, opinion of the Indian Eh
Well look, the Indian doesn't want it, he doesn't want it.
interview on the channel El Indio Indio
what we live we live of content yes that
It is true that I am totally in agreement
I agree with Roco Flores. I am
I totally agree, being objective.
From the outside it has been very intelligent
your mental health and for it the one
fairly focused withdrawal on time
much more mature, intelligent, practical and
say pee pas I'm leaving here to grow
in my case and phenomenal but
Indian let's see eh Please chat
community we do not want Amador Moedano
go to Antony David Flores' Channel
I will be there if that happens that day with
popcorn reading the chat and watching Let's Go
I mean please that's it Marina, that's it
It is content for all the rest of
youtubers and total even for the
digital media I'm going to be there
typing and telling Fran "dear"
Pay attention to this yes yes yes yes no no
content for everyone is like that because it is
as a meeting makes cu in fact the la
The last time they met was not in a
Deluxe does well not so long ago 2020
It could be 2019, I think it was in a
delux not the two that there were
commented that
They agreed in 2019 that they agreed on the interview
that they had been accused of colluding with the
questions yes yes yes yes 2020 the
confinement I think 2019 yes yes yes that
yes yes yes yes yes I would love to
I would love to objectively and but
You know, I think they would talk before
previously to me I was in charge of that
content of Antonio's talk
David and love muido to me it would seem like a
It's a shame that this nonsense is not given
the egos and the stories but it is that
Also in this case Yes the other youtuber
It is not very intelligent at the level that it is that
It also provides content for everyone.
no no, no, just kidding, just kidding
it is it is or in other words the next day would be
unexpected great news is that you
would give views is that we are
Here is that really What little What
way to crush He you leave it he leave it
that first goes to the Antonia AB Channel
which is where it is of interest and where the
people are going to see it, yours is not going to see it
nobody and then the next day
that Amador V already knows there is one on your channel
that act a little like that Hey, LL is
What I'm telling you is that it's 3 years
that Amador has that he has not
the interviews that have been made interesting
Given Amador has not gotten any juice out of it.
I have a character like that and I take it out
the headlines let's make a series that
You're freaking out, you know, but you haven't taken it out yet.
chicha but I often well often
times no eh A couple of times I've done it
put in the car to know what it is
that spoke there aunt there were moments
Marina, you're not getting into it right now.
none of memory interview But there was
moments when I went black alone
listening to him because maybe he would catch
Amador and was telling an anecdote of
he with his sister but maybe
It was gold, eh, I mean, maybe it was gold that
I say, [ __ ] what he's saying and he
another is taking account already already already already already
no no or no or no I didn't keep putting it in there
that he is telling you something, Yole la
interview leave the monitor you have at
side that doesn't matter who is connected
At that moment you know it is not in the
that what is eh that yes Hey but no
Listen, it's not the same. Yes, yes, yes.
totally totally doesn't have it
He's there talking and he's not there and he's not there
listened or cut it with something else
silly you know but it's a shame because
It is that also without limit that you know
that normally when you have a
character of that there are two or three themes
here this topic this topic no I mean no no
without any kind of Limit above
Amador Wishing that F if it hasn't been
satisfied because there has not been
seen no one who has not stayed
satisfied that Amador is looking forward to and
with the thorn of answering the
documentary that has not responded to the
documentary Hey, but why do people
He says that Javi is evil, but if Javi
what are you saying with this with this
matter but let's see let's see I am
seeing one thing clearly and that is that a
person has stated that he wants to go to
a channel to whatever and for whatever
It's not going to happen. Let's see why she thinks
people who disagree with Javi
that it does not go to that channel is what I
I want to know how to see Look easier
Marcela, a kiss. Thank you very much, beautiful.
blue heart emoji If you want me to go
to the Antonio Channel I saw how you want that
cap emoji content if you want it
go to the blog and you will be interested
very much that
content is worth it
and then I'm going to propose something else
tell them the people put put This is worth it
then
Hey
emoji Francisco has glasses Look at this is
This is what Maria says, today Javi has made a full house
He goes around the networks, whether on YouTube
and on Twitter and everyone is
talking about
Javi but it's like that, like that, eh, I don't know
how many spaces right now talking about
My YouTuber is hearing thunder there.
that shits you and tomorrow for the chat with
Vito and some others
headlines that have given I will have to the
people unrelated to politics
taking headlines from Vito's to a
fantasy like that That's called creating
content and what happened yesterday with Francisco was
create
content yes totally worth it Francisco
Does anyone have glasses? Can someone help me?
confirm and look what he talks to me sometimes
okay glasses icon if you think that the
guilty as they say, the guilty one
that Amador does not go to Antonio David
Francisco is the icon of glasses in front of him.
Francisco has been an icon of glasses and an icon of
cap if you think it is the person of the
cap the culprit of that Amador
Don't go as Antonio David, glasses icon
Francisco and cone of caps
cap, let's see, you have to think carefully, eh?
Be honest in this chat, man.
We're going to see 2800 people, I hope.
let's get more than 2000 likes for this
super direct I watched it all on YouTube and
Tomorrow clips everywhere, let's go
This blows up and they love us on Twitter
please man and also that
talk man here let them talk This is it
what's called creating content, guys?
that you don't know is that you don't know is worthless
It is clear, I think there is unanimity
On top they put cute pig icons, well
Well, they have it clear. Well, I've seen it.
some glasses Javi eh I've seen some glasses
I think there are infiltrators here.
be and We have reached 189,000
Hey, there will be a billiard player.
well
180 missing or eight people are missing
Please let eight people subscribe to
reach the
189000 in telesalseo worth I don't have
cap I have a cap I can't find it I myself
birth is worth it or conclusion of this
matter what do you think What news do you think that
We will see tomorrow about this topic because no
I think you'll stay here, right?
Tomorrow I won't be here, I have to now
Interviewing Borja Caponi is a
character, good thing he had his own series
in four like Fran and others and well
need yes but it didn't go well that one
Eh, it didn't go well, he's having a really bad time.
and tomorrow morning he's going to tell me everything
Okay, so I'm going with Alex, who is the one
boy who accompanies me many times with
the one with the camera and that is a marvel
who is also the one who makes me the
photo sessions and more When you see
Beautiful photos on Instagram are works of
Alex Bueno and little is done with him too
Well we did the rewind thing yes and and
We also did the Trium thing
Trium's book signing. Well then.
Come with me tomorrow, we're going to Madrid.
in the morning and we are going to record a
report there at this man's house and
He will explain his situation and so on to us.
So tomorrow I won't be here.
Something is happening I won't be able to comment on it because
I'll be late at most. I'll arrive tomorrow.
for kids who don't have any today
obviously young people because I have
to lie down but man I think so
He's going to start putting in stke and we're going to
touch on other topics, okay, look what he says
Rua menor, oh my goodness Javi, you're not leaving
to be able to go
Tomorrow, of course, it will be there.
putting strike if what he said is
that he is going to put a strike And that when
appeal the strikes of what Ricki has done
the filth Cacho ricki what you put
a you put a when you put a strike
to a person that other person calls him
And then so that the appeal is not
you have to be effective Endo demands
lawsuits because they have used my
content not for example Ricky put me
a lawsuit
eh a commercial lawsuit for using your
content in a few seconds no and already
argue in the court and then you don't
They return the video, the strike, yes, they give it to you
They therefore take away my strike that
Give me a strike and I'll peel
obviously because I'm right yes
If any of the strikes are accepted, it's fine.
who wants to file a lawsuit, then he will
have to put a few because I
I'm going to peel it FJ is going to peel it
teleindiscreta is going to peel it the Indian
is going to peel that I am going to teach him that
appeal there also in such and such if you want
put a demand because it goes away, it goes away
He's going to entertain himself to see if I can help him.
facilitate indiscreet television, well no
because I can't do that but
would provide Amador's phone number for
that was your channel Let's see is another option
I would love to see Amador cont Mira
it would be a fantasy
authentic is that I would see that
Let's go, I'll sponsor it, I'll even put it on my own
up to my neighborhood a sign the channel of
teleindiscreta I would love Amador with
teleindiscreta How do you think it might go
That I hope so, damn it. Well, I think that
They should stop fighting and kiss each other.
part of Francisco for you Marina a
kiss Francisco, I think they should
stop fighting and I think that
interview Should be on the Channel of
teleindiscreta and I don't and I don't because
I think Amador doesn't like me.
Hey, I always don't understand myself very well.
Let's see, I think he's being kind of faithful.
and understands in his head that he can't
relate to the rest I don't know
I write very kindly and such that if not
want to answer or let's see what we have
an age and one thing does not imply the other or
In the end, we are independent media.
and he doesn't understand It seems strange to me
true But well, each one is that
do what you think is right and that's it
I'm telling you that I thought we had
an age a maturity to be
independent of each other
But well, if you consider that you have to
act like this, everyone will know and that's it
Serramos, let's discuss other topics, okay?
This week we will surely talk with
Francisco someday okay eh when already
I'll be back from Madrid tomorrow
same or I mean I go I come but that one
To close this topic you can call him if
you want eh No no but now it's out
The thing is that this type of attitudes
and of little children's nonsense and so on
It bothers us all because Look if
you comment on things that he doesn't like, it makes you angry
strikes which is like censorship which is done
How many years has it been since censorship?
while someone does not miss you
respect and say a bar
and neither eh Because if someone says a
what you have to do is outrageous
is to file a claim for this right
to honor but someone put a piece
yours to comment on something that you have
saying
man the fact that you don't like it
What they are saying about you does not imply that
you go putting strike I mean no
you support freedom of expression
Nobody That can't be Put a strike on
every person who doesn't like what you know
say about you You know that on one hand and then
also the interview for me for me
interview that was done a few days ago
of years Antonio Abi who was his
comeback was here on YouTube I don't know
split into two channels for the nonsense
that happened there was also that one there
nonsense that is when there should have been
been on the channel that had to be and
It would have been a direct hit that would have
brought to history 100,000 cents and
peak thousand viewers but of course as not
It can be done because we want to appear because
then after the same thing happened a little bit in
the interview with Antonia AB was missing
ask what your favorite color is before
David the protagonist, let's see, it's me.
I agree there because I experienced that behind
by phone or there in what is
The aim was to have the widest possible diffusion
and that what he wanted there was that he was
I saw that is what his intention was for that reason
I wanted to do it on YouTube. So it is
I saw him physically, where else?
possible diffusion had and that it was
I saw it on the screen, that's why I didn't want to
written for that reason I did not want such Then
he knew that on YouTube you
you were discussing the topic and I had a lot of
impact and that was what I wanted
So I wrote to both of you, what else?
who first who then me that's it
It was explained that 4 years have passed since everything
that that thing what more do they give the the
final protagonist was him and it had to be
only him and what more could be taken out
that moment that was all of Spain was
talking about that topic, well, that was it.
Maybe what does it matter if here or that is me?
Do you want to understand what I mean in the end?
what was relevant was the most important person
wanted in Spain in the world of
heart and from the heart what a way of
of of of twist of Do not twist what else
He annoyed him, he annoyed him with the same thing
same thing and did it again
annoy and I repeat the same thing again
Regarding the issue of this strike
to put stri to the companions and all the
This roll eh as far as I know and believe
that you are all here as witnesses to this
When Marta Riesco came here, everyone
colleagues have reacted to what
Marta Riesco said, "Well, if not, putting it"
cli Without putting cli but good when there is
Fran also came here and reacted
everyone to what Fran has said to
this to that or in other words at what moment there is
a topic that belongs only to one
channel and the rest cannot
comment or rather it seems to me a
I'm freaking out about that Marina That seems like a lot to me
Yes, but in the end you are... So I, I
I can understand it, eh, eh, I mean, you have
like the thing about not putting those clips
because you know that it can harm you in some way
some way because if he doesn't do it he does it
it makes you trek it makes you bring
Uncle But you dominate I mean you know
that on YouTube there are certain things that yes
can be done no or no I mean let's see
There I there what I would do Yes I think that
I would most likely reject it
YouTube, I mean, I don't know, I don't know what to do.
trick or something strange How did he do it
Ricky me
You understand, but YouTube rejects it.
Now, I'll also tell you one thing.
something that you come to file a claim for
When you appeal to me, he puts a and I
I appeal because I think you are right
So the other one I already had what you give
is that you give the other 10 days to
file a claim. Of course you can file a claim.
a demand but if everyone
start peeling off the strikes, that's what it is
that everyone should do you who
you are going to put 20 demands and then if the
loses pays the costs of all 20
you're not going to make demands, you understand me?
Then you will do it once like it happened to
Ricky No, he got mad at me and did that.
Ricky is going to lose it or I hope he does
lose because Ricky gave consent
a thousand times on the subject of using your
songs you know then H Well then
can do but let's see
eh When you appeal and the other puts you
a demand what they do is not
return the video to you but the strike does
They take away my strike, they take away my strike
Ricky edited the strike yes I do
They took away what they didn't give me back was the
rewind But well, if the most you can
do is delete videos Well then you're going to
being more noise you will look worse and and
then people will want to put you exay
to you of course
But well apart from that you are left
it's not like no no no of my topics no
you can talk not completely apart
I'm going to say one thing maybe in the
Camador case as I told you a while ago
while will return to tele5 I don't know if
is it Friday or another program either
to spend the afternoon, whether it's a party or whatever it is
He's coming back, we'll see him in a few days.
again on tele5 if so maybe
We don't see him on any channel in the
next few days Of course you can't then
be ripping the channels and then
sit between 5 then that Val has
your testimony none Then if you do not
we see on any channel these days
We will understand that we will see you later in
television and that's why
HM we already know that it is not compatible
as if the good Kings come here and tomorrow he will
feel like Friday is like no you can't
you can't
eh I don't know where we're going to see him but
Let's see, eh, 100% I told you here
today and I don't know if it will be again
from Friday this week the next one
It's Friday, don't be late.
a party that is more like yes yes yes yes yes
Yeah, man, what I find strange is
see him see the same character for two weeks
followed well it could be it could be yes
We have seen each other more times, I think I would go
through Rosa Benito and then he returns
Amador Yes because Rosa hasn't
answered when they don't answer
Hey today, let's see what we see on Wednesday.
in the magazines you remember that I told you
with the divon cover the
Friday I didn't expect it so fast Eh
I already told you there are times when you say
can you talk or do you have to wait 10
days to talk, well look here said and
That's because they haven't paid him much.
eh Because if they don't let us wait more days
If you have surprised me, you have surprised me
I was really surprised by Ivn's situation.
Because also eh As it is such a topic of
ways so delicate what we have seen is
in writing but it is not the same by
written that seeing it collapsed seeing it
telling him to see his image deteriorated
in quotes I see her very pretty
because she is very pretty, right? I already told you.
He said, She is very pretty.
tremendous
but but yes I think this Friday
What's coming, we're going to find surprises
on Friday related to this saga
It's not going to be Olga because we already know Olga
that is commenting on survivors that
eye has surprised me look at this
Jessica, well, she has to, she needs it.
Economically it seems fine to me although not
I don't think any except Mara Jess.
Ruiz I think none are the best
commenting on survivors But oh well
They have good representatives and that is the
key Mara Jess yes it seems so to me But
the rest not commenting on me super
I don't like any of the realities I comment on.
only Mara Jess Ruiz Pero and
Objectively, I really like Olga.
I really like Jessica but
I say I don't like any of them, you can see the hand
of the representatives there but I have
Nice to see bu. Good this one.
What a strong topic, huh? Well, let's see what they've gone for.
removing Beto but look at you from Beto to
socialite presenter who was previously
from the TV factory but oh well
I've seen a clip around here but I haven't
I took the clip and saw a clip around here.
But well, there she is as a presenter, eh?
will be in charge every weekend of
present a section of the program
dedicated to commenting on the latest news
Reality shows, well, it's normal, it's not good.
Yes, I have seen her, it is because
Honestly, I am very sincere with you.
Sofia a few years ago Me
I loved it on reality shows. I loved it.
as a character commenting and as she
as the protagonist not of the plots but
to me in this last survivors H
For me, Olga went too far.
totally premeditated and with a
infinite cruelty that is that buah me
It seemed horrible, however, Marta
Peate is a big fan, I don't like anything like that.
presenter I saw it the other day
As a presenter of a section you do it
you said It seems very forced to me
I like naturalness, truth and Marta
hurt yourself for better or worse, it's not because
compare but I love it and this girl
It seems to me that it is very affected
forced and on TV for me always
wins eh the naturalness And the truth for
for better or worse, that's why save me
I triumphed for better and for worse then
It is true that this girl is in the
Reality shows were brutal years ago.
brutal and spectacular but to me
Lately I see her as fake
Well, I personally don't like it but
yes it is true that medias be with this
It's like she's getting her old friends back
glories in fact has been recovered again
Oriana Marzoli who is an aunt who has
abandoned in the 90s by reality shows
Spain that has a penalty and
It was also in the chain at one time
that said Hey girl we have bet on
And you leave us in our underwear
Oriana has continually asked for it in
reality shows in Chile and other countries
like a super diva and now I think she's going
I believe if I'm not mistaken that they are
negotiating as his own doku reality
Here are some things to lift the spirits a bit
audiences because they no longer know what
In fact, Tele5 is improving.
much thanks to the extinct island of the
temptations and survivors that is
doing more than 20 How long has it been since I last
we see a 20 in
Tele5 Explain to me if it's a 20, let's see
one because there is another there is another controversy
also
that he is not facing a YouTube channel
with a television channel and those are
as if we were where he is collaborating
Beln Esteban against our partner
Diego Arrabal who in the last hours
Beln Esteban has rekindled her spirit
against Diego Arrabal and on this occasion
things have gotten serious, there is no mention of it
to think that I have my son, my son
and I have to call d. to stop
help me remove the alarm from my house
I started to tremble
Come on, but if he doesn't know, then let him go.
finding out if I find out about that
Maria buo comes who helps him to remove it
I'm saying that I'm saying that I
I dare not, I tell you that I speak of
m I don't I can't put my hand on the
fire that my son tells me all the
true, I don't. I mean, I take it for granted that
the kids that the kids sell without
nothing or rather everything, friend of well what
Horror, well that's it, but let's see that.
It doesn't seem to me either, I haven't done it
tremble That's why I do I don't I that my
gentleman who belongs to the family that
This gentleman sells to everyone that
sells to all of us here this
gentleman who sold Terelu, I don't know about
who we talk about D pun to talk about
your life that I told you once and you continue
In the end you're going to make me talk
and I do it, I'm not afraid of you at all.
continues talking about
Virginia the name we are going Lu
Vargas, I am from you until here you name me
that you make a video for me every day and that the
people do not send him money that puts a
phone so that B can send you this
deceiving him to tell his life and when he
the police stopped the road
Marbella is worth it, we are already from many
that we are here every day to do a
our video Enough is enough, it is like this, you tell me
I said and I throw eh Like the program madus to
see how you found out what
We traveled dressed as Pluto or the duck
donal who worked in a
agency your wife who told you where
We were going with her on the Madus program, yes.
Do you want me to keep talking? Well, look, it is that
There is Lu Varga Sorry Lu you have not given anything
a darling a one
Just kidding, just kidding. Of course.
because let's see it in parts, to me what that
the woman mentions that no no no
I understand neither the nor the what. So that is
what is he saying to Di lo
First let's see each part, let's see, eh?
The first thing was an accusation and AF
Fear Terelu, not Carmen's son.
sheep not that he counted on Diego
Arab to help him remove the
house alarm
Yes of course because supposedly he
He has the keys to your house, you know, that is.
supposedly clear eh that I trust
Like him, like they have an apartment like they have
an apartment in Marbella and Diego lives in
Marbella so that of course it is
pending and to remove it from trust
in it for that you know how he lives there
yes but let's see if that will be because there is
not too much confidence because that is what I think
It's surprising because I didn't know about it and
I didn't know that was very good
relationship, look, eh? But hey, hey, yeah
It is like that There must be a reason for it Then it is true
true that well Nor is it that
He talks about Diego as if Terelu were a
Angel, I am between Terelu and Diego
I'm staying with Diego, the truth is, what do you want?
that he tells you he talks about Diego as if
Diego is going to be something with the keys to the
house is like a man, let's see, yes, like no, no
Yes, I understand it more like you don't trust
This guy who sells well has left it
very clear In fact as this guy is
able to sell to anyone, let's see.
At first I had understood it as that
I would accuse him of stealing or something for that
style but not clear it refers to that
I buy something that I can then sell, yes
although I think that is I think that is
the house, the typical holiday house
Although Diego has hit hard at the very
hard to the Campos on YouTube is why
I am very surprised by this
Alliance eh Because I don't It's not for nothing
I didn't even leave you the keys.
you understand me and with all the love that
I have you, it's just that I don't understand, it's eh
Understand me that it is something very private and
[ __ ] if you go to YouTube you watch videos
from the Campos colas that even if it is work
[ __ ] M it's like they leave them to me
I have the keys to Campos who does not have
no sense no sense was the same
a very specific situation or lives very or
The apartment is very close and it is a one-off
very very very key I don't know in the end no
Stop being a daddy, man, I'm not going to
insinuate anything but I don't know a papari I
what do I know what do I know what do I know in a house No
I know I'm not going to say anything but come on
I wouldn't do it, I certainly wouldn't do it.
I would do it from there from there eh phew I think that
Beln has been mentioned a bit and
naming the woman who is anonymous despite
that what he says is true because it is already
He said it, come Esteban, eh, that the woman
I knew it, eh, that they worked on that.
we heard recently elsewhere
also
no but he didn't say the name no and he said that
It was the woman, whatever they insinuated, no
It's like that
They hinted that I knew it but it doesn't matter
importance when he told Beln
because it already seemed to me that I had it
heard Maybe maybe I'll
have you told in private or something I don't know
It could be, I say it has been denied by everyone who
has denied the woman's case, not the one who has
denied Of course he's going to say that the woman
or Carmen Borrego or Carmen
sheep, which is what he has refused to see
he's making videos about I don't know what it is
what he has denied to him he has told me not
Don't make videos of me, he didn't say it, come on
Esteban, it's like, let's see how people can
make the videos you want or that is not
characters like no
s d I'm going to make a video I'm not going to make you
a saga and has done a live show today
eh about a book by Beln Esteban that
I don't know what, but Diego has denied that
woman works in a
agency yes host then it is a
strong accusation Ah you have it Javi
by
There I have it, yes. Oh, okay, wait a minute.
second I'm going to look for it, he has denied it
Well then be careful, eh. Let's see.
It doesn't have to be that way, that can be done
to tell something about a person who is not
It is public no no because maybe something
that was already known but of course if it is not known
I knew to see if Beln tells this, let's see
It is evident the hatred that Beln has for her.
Diego and and he comes from where he comes from there is
go back to the past and it does not come from the
what happened that I told and published
I agree with the Viva Laina thing, now Viva Laina is already in
life comes from many years ago or so
Diego is dedicated to what he is dedicated to and
Obviously Beln drags that And I think
who has never been able to fit it in
evidently the two have never
had a good relationship or almost never and no
It's because Diego had a good relationship
With Jesulin it has always been obvious
In recent times, it also seems to me very
It's also ugly that Benen says don't give it to him
money that deceives you, well, that's the way
regardless of whether you like it more or
At least I say that I have also been very
criticism with some miniatures with
things with good just like he can
do with the rest and can have its
opinion
but from there to telling people or to
play a little with what they give you
They stop giving by that rule of three, they don't
I mean, I see that well, of course not, let's see if
Diego Arrabal did not put himself to
answer him bu that's not for one either
demand either, let's see, I'm going to put what
what Pily sent me about what he has
said Diego because he has denied
m about the
alarm that has never sold ter elu to
see wait what
I put Esteban I told you The other day you
I repeat it again, I can speak
of you Of course because he has sold up to the
clear marajas label can do it
you've sold it by talking
and I can talk about your plot
personal why Because you have sold it
It's also that it didn't appear on the cover.
DEA what does that have to do with it but look how
It came out when I was going to promote potatoes
which by the way were not going either eh And the
gacho that by the way IB has not already done it
we advance
here
Esteb I have always said it and I have
said many times Here too
on YouTube
I don't like it
I don't like playing justice in Spain
because I believe that justice is for
other things
serious
But you have crossed a line.
for a long time we can't tell you
to ensure that I don't talk about you is
normal a means of communication we can
talk about you why not Of course
we can talk about
You take the magazine right now
week or magazine reading and talking about
you one day yes and one day no or one day yes and
another day also what happens We do not
we can talk we can't
count the
truths you like to be talked about but
Oh look Beln Esteban, how pretty she is!
Man, I can't say that because if
It doesn't look pretty on me, I can't say
that she looks pretty she can't talk about it
Diego Arrabal's family is not the same as seeing
Of course not, because Diego's family
suburb is anonymous She is the first
who states that her daughter is anonymous
Diego Arrabal's wife too And yes
I was right, it's the alarm, huh. It's not the
keys no s
you have man has spoken has spoken of the
family and on top of that
He said something ugly, at least.
Well what he has hinted at is that
evidently who leaks many of the
Things to Diego are the woman because
works in an agency and with a program
concrete Yes of course He is not saying how
that Terelu that she doesn't understand that
Terelu knows that Alejandra has had me
to call to remove the alarm from the
house I start to shake says when for
Please send Esteban the date
H has called me to Alejandra for and quit
the alarm of your
house you
creeson saita
alarm
date please be interesting
I tell information about what
people sold their lives this one has sold
Mara Patio has sold her life
Hernandez has also sold his
life has sold her wedding
We are also going to continue with the worst of that.
gentleman who has sold to no one I want
that you show me dear Beln
Esteban now gives some clue as to when
I have sold you know what it refers to
marine
In which of all that to what I know that there has been
sold to
terelu But who But who is that
Hey, very low, who said that? No, that
As far as I know, Diego has not sold Terelu to
see what it can refer to It is that you
has sold as soon as in the stage
that Diego and Terelu got along well
because they worked together but I
know I have read in the chat that they have been
Friends, I don't know what you are referring to.
people with being friends have always had
Diego's subsequent relationship is discussed
With the Campos, as far as I know, it has not been
positive as far as I know or as far as I have
seen and what I have witnessed what
I have lived And not that it refers to
professional level at the agency level
level reports at level stolen at level
agreed but I don't know what it means
sell, so it doesn't make sense, right?
There's a way to get it about Beln
Esteban, because what the hell are you going to do?
ask a person not to do
videos of you but that's why it's not
another with the St, that is, every day that
video of us Claro And what do you want no
Of course, let's see, I think that what she
upset, look at how she is
It is also pending that Blen Esteban is
an aunt who is aware of everything
I know and this is what I get when
many times he is at home and sees things
call one call another call have you seen it
that has risen such have you seen what has
uploaded as you have seen Bethlehem is like this and
Man, it must not be funny because
see those thumbnails such but what not O
be Bethlehem even if 30, 25, 26 have passed
27 years since we met her
Hey, he doesn't accept, he doesn't accept well, many times
things or when you see something negative
She is not one of the aunts who accepts it well
He doesn't accept it well and he's been through that.
always and it bothers him And more if
They come with an intention that
Obviously it's not going to be good.
as in the case of Diego because there is no
good relationship does not accept it does not accept it
Kiko Hernndez doesn't accept it well either.
Mara Patio Well, and the rest.
Well, good or worse But these two
Kiko and Beln don't accept it. Okay, now.
we saw Kiko not what he hinted at too and
what he also said, but also Diego
It makes me laugh a lot because far from
chantar answers him with double the knowledge
yes yes no ...
videos the last hours That is to say missing
of one two or three no yes yes I would have
done the same thing eh last topic of the
night and here you have to explain to me a
The context is of little value, but there is a mega
very serious fight between isapi and eh Raquel
boyo As they say I think 20
Years of television give for many
When you started I had been there for 10 years
It turns out that now you are the one who
you name your cousin Nabel at the meal and
You are the one who, having a person who
so much damage has been done to you however
you overlook and address me I think
that both you and the collaborators as
good collaborators that they are and for
supposed journalists, which I am not
you know that when a video is posted it is
to answer it especially for the
respect for those who work up there
and they have worked hard on the video interest no
I have none, so it's really that
She is nothing in my life and I don't give a damn
Me too, look, see what tone I have.
I can also play the victim of what
pity what pain if it hurt you
husband Imagine how much some hurt
children, okay, that said, survivor, what
I say again and we have nothing to
overcome Because Manuel went out for a
disease and as I have told you it has
come rich in friends something that you
Well, I don't think so if you continue every afternoon or
every morning saying something about me
I'm going to answer but I'm going to remind you
very well because I left, I left for something
very delicate But you know what the
difference that when I told it was
real with three sentences yours was
unreal you got me into trouble you got me into trouble
To Marisa Martinn Black that today is not the case
It is but you know that I am completely right
I had to apologize because you accused me
to a person of abuse without having been
abused So if someone lies in
This life is you and I do know you and
the people who are saying what
we suffered I suffered too I suffered too
I suffered a lot because I'm telling you again
repeat if it hurts you, your husband hurts me
my hands hurt
brutal children now we put now we put
another now we put another clip This to me
It's jumping automatically, I don't know why
Okay, sorry, imitate them, it's just there.
flat Ah no, no, no, no, I'm going now, it's that
I'm a little bit crazy today I don't know why
what but well tell me eh Look I was just going to
say the same thing as the Indian Raquel Boyo
It's either that I get hooked on television or
You may like it better or worse. But I
I will never forget that moment
tele5 me c on tele5 and Roco Carrasco
and that is, it has moments of attachment
Television to me is a ci that I
it hooks me, it hooks me on television
For me it is very good to see this
conflict It's that look, I think that we
we have to find survivors
2023 when
I was there when Manuel Corts was there
alma boyo and isap They did not have a great time
see in the end they are family it is not that
had an excellent relationship between
they
precisely or when later
is is Raquel boyo have had had
confrontations Why Because Raquel
boyo questioned
eh when the story was told that
Kiko Rivera do you remember when it was told
This episode of the hose that
had undressed, so to speak, half naked
stripped Isa Pantoja and had her
filling with cold water with a hose
as punishment when she was little and
Well, it turns out that Raquel came out
I'm a little bit like questioning certain things.
bad behaviors that his/her
brother and Isabel Pantoja towards isapi
as if defending the position of
Isabel Pantoja then isapi then
She showed quite a bit of pain with Raquel
boyo Well because of course like Raquel she was
knowledgeable about certain things like that
felt betrayed not Then from
then there is like a crossing of
accusations between One and the other and yes that
It is true that now Isa is a kid like that
Raquel Boyo wants to stay in
television and it is a bit at the expense of de de
she doesn't and what she has to put in. Well, a
little conflict with her and giving her
giving her what that boy says is yes and
whatever you want but my children
They speak well of me, not like you do of your mother.
not like it's giving a little bit where it's most
it hurts and Raquel seems to be buoying
Isa Pantoja criticizes a little that
Hey, what do you have to talk about as yours?
mother no To be there that has to
speak ill of them that there is such a thing as
a tension but I'll summarize it for you
For me it's all quite false, I tell you
I say it completely true, I mean it's like
a conflict Yes yes I know
I know this. Also, I think that behind
This is so that people know it is a
little Sonia who is the representative of de
Isa in fact Alexia that I have
lots of love and defending isapi who
It's the same, Sonia is the representative
which is the same as Isa and is a
little because you have to generate some plots
because things are a little undead, right?
but well, it's not like there's a big one either.
variety of topics and you have to throw a
you have to move a little bit
wasp's nest as you would say here on YouTube
and I think it's a bit of a plot
that the other one is that that audio is
a tremendous catch eh Let's see and Manuel
Corts that I remember survivors
that with Asraf, Isa's husband, she had
several confrontations and had bad vibes
I think that let's see, he was also behind
a little bit of Kiko Rivera who is good
relationship with Manuel Corts and it was a little
there with the guidelines well
learned then Isa brought out her facet
of defenders Raf and of course there between
Raquel boyo and Isa started the eh the
as a crossfire of accusations that the
It came in very handy to continue making a profit.
on sets and today, that plot
that is generating interest, the truth
that I didn't expect it and and and anyway and
Of course, then Raquel Boyo has already
brought out his vein with the subject of Chiquetete
and all this is true that
That was a [ __ ] drama as if to
not remember it because it was televised But
Well it was real and she had a really bad time
and today it seems to be coming back
that issue resurfaced a bit and it has made me feel
left quite quite frozen because
I didn't imagine that in the afternoon they would do it
to cover so that for the truth you get it
I mean, seeing Raquel boyo with that
speech that there are four clips like the one that
you have put that I have seen them
four has reminded me a little of
old to save me you have not me
remembered a little as if I were
covering in save me Yes yes yes but nothing
s been a bit of a come on Dale bad and
Another person says today He says they don't talk
No daughter, understand well. I say no.
They speak badly having reasons to do so
spoken badly of his father, what I say is
that my children don't speak is news
when those giggles have to be
that you have had this morning from ar to
two children Really How sad what
painful for some and not for others either
How sad my children were born in the
bosom of a family already with a surname
Ok, to my misfortune I say it too
to my misfortune and they have been able to live off
TV like you and Pantoja all the time
life is worth as much as you have not done it when
They have gone to talk, they have not spoken badly. That
That's what I've said that my children are not
My children are not news
because my son is dedicated to singing
entered reality and has left and has
back to her life My daughter is with her
social networks Of course it would be news
look when she got pregnant they
been in the news without wanting to when my
It has been news without him wanting it but you
I assure you that if my son spoke tomorrow
came to speak ill of me, ill of his
grandmother ill from her uncle You think not
It would be news so silly Yes what happens is
those who do not do so have very high values
beautiful values that they have given you, eh?
but you have not come to see values that
They have given you remember it But you don't
You have taken it because Isabel will be able to
say many things and there will be
very wrong inclusive with you
As a mother, she may have made mistakes, but
His mother has never spoken ill of anyone
nor of his brother the other way around has he
kept everyone including you
Even you, I think, few people have
managed from my position to leave me without
word
in based based but a little low or
be based on television based on television
That's why I told you it's brutal
It's brutal on television, but low
why vaccine because I think Isa is
a girl who has had many
shortcomings that Raquel Boyo knows
deficiencies at an emotional level
affective at the economic level is clear
that has not been demonstrated has been
verbalized throughout this time that
has had a complicated life then
that this lady is also very cynical and
I really like Raquel, I have her.
certain esteem and we have worked together 6
months and very well but eh what
sincerely speak about your children who
one who dedicates himself to singing does not forgive
This realties your son is a piece of furniture in
a reality show is not worth television
There is a certain art to it and I don't dislike it.
singing and the other not social networks
Forgive is the daughter of Raquel Boyo when
you have had granddaughters the granddaughters have been
news because they are Raquel's granddaughters
boyo not the daughters of the al maboo This is
So then, eh, apart from the children, no
have never spoken
What is that son does sound familiar to me?
having seen him speak not whose son
Rachel's son has not sat in
save me and has spoken clearly 300 times
300 but he speaks little he speaks little he is not
very does not have much blood in the veins or
sea sale does not come out I don't know who it comes out to
true no, they don't know very well who
He goes out to see if I'm okay.
making a mistake but for me they have spoken
No, but not bad mother, they haven't.
spoken ill of the father's father Yes
man is that and but but well they have
some respect, eh, they have some respect
They have a certain respect, of course, but whatever.
It refers to not speaking badly of others
family problems not that's the good thing
daughter Let's see Honestly the daughter has
a certain character that I don't like
I tell you that it is like an older brother but
has a little air and I have him
I have seen some attitudes that do not apply to me.
marry So don't talk too much about
isapi because it seems to me much more
polite and correct isapi even though
has made mistakes as said
invent but isapi has a bit of that
no, what are you talking about like that, very well, very such, no
so that you think it is very good
but then he puts every single Track in you, you know
F you don't yes that yes that it is true that it is
invented something she recognized it and
He asked for forgiveness, it was horrible.
horrible and that's why men sometimes pay
unfairly that it is horrible that this
I said to myself, my God, you have fallen for me.
completely invent that Alejandro Albala
bad guy how how can you do something like that
not Horrible Horrible and in fact
I don't know for me that the fact that
continue with Estela eh Estela, what about what about what
The albal thing was made of fabric, eh, that is to say
He wanted to falsely denounce him, that's why
If you do that when you get angry with the
people and it is proven that I was going to
justify by age but no it is not that
It's not that it can't be justified
no way such an atrocity because
That's why many young guys pay
innocent and then that's how it goes for us, no, no, I don't know
can justify that and look at the girl
then he showed regret and everything but
that no that no that no that no that's true
that's where I'm going
eh, so one does certain things
bad does not mean that the other is
become a being of light but the
It is true that as you say, based on
that I have to give him a verbal review, that is, I
I think a face to face is that I buoy her
she eats it, it's very good, it's very good
Boyo is very good on television. But
why is it why is it or is they
They argued over how he behaved
Isa with her children no While they
They were on the reality show But why have they
ended so badly that what is happening
Now Isapi is giving it a hard time again
or is he saying something bad about Raquel Boyo?
No. I mean, let's see, well, it's not like she
accuses No if it has been returned to
revive the plot because that is the root of it
that she has felt uncomfortable
that Raquel Boyo doubts everything
that Isapi has told of everything that
suffered in his childhood etc etc because Isa
It was on Friday then Raquel
I'm sorry, because she is critical of her.
Then one responds in the afternoon, the other
respond in the morning and what he has said
Raquel Boyo While Isa continues
talking about her because she will answer in
She is late because she is going to eat them
videos that she will answer then
the other answers in the morning and the other
answer in the afternoon then they go to
to be like this with cross accusations Well
for reasons that in the end she eh Like
Asraf is not a loved or appreciated uncle
by the children of Rachel boyo and as
Raquel Boyo does not agree with what
isapi says about his experiences Well, it is that
in the end there is a crash there and also
Now Raquel Boyo is positioned with
Isabel Pantoja and EAP have no relationship
with his mother because they don't get married before
They were fond of each other but now they don't marry.
So Raquel Boyo is not stupid.
to stay on television and I make you
the same question I asked you the other day
day with Alejandra Rubio eh To you
It matters what Raquel Boyo thinks about the
Anita's jump in survivors of 17
Met or you care more about his conflict with
Isa Pantoja man Claro clear clear
So Raquel Boyo is not stupid.
has to take advantage of the plot And the
The truth is that it is based on the fact that I am leaving
Let's see one of her light by Raquel Boyo
again because it reminds me of the
old days where people had a
entity and a I don't know anyway But oh well
Well, guys, we'll leave it here.
For today we will see tomorrow what it is
You can be careful because you are waiting
I have to tell you something. Ah
Tell me, well, I think this, I don't know if this
I think it is already known
ok but I have to tell you I think it has already been
published and I think it is already known and I ran
If I'm wrong in this chat but Eh
late well no But wait for us
we deserve more likes is that I don't know how
I have been able to tell this and it
I have to leave it for the end, let's see
like family while Marina likes it
tell me like it no no no it's not that you
you wait you're going to wait No now you're going to wait
to understand
Okay, let's see, man, there are 2,900 people. 15
likes no Javi is worth it No man
there should be 3000 likes but
Okay, but okay, people please. Look if
via daras and everything to listen to the
exclusive attentive man eh d attentive
dasas dasas what do you think of Raquel Boyo
Look, dasas is looking at my profile picture.
because of course this is what you ask for and
then it's what you
arrive wait it's over it's over
Mine I see what I do is put this
so that later you find this I
My mother, I know, I know what Dalas
What do you think of Raquel Boyo? You are more of
Raquel boyo or from isap or from isap who you
give in better isap man to see clearly let's see
d the p of likes please man at 1300
at least we have to arrive
because what I'm going to tell is
important but I'll see if it has been
published because if it has not been published yes
It has not been published, I will tell it here.
wait no no just kidding wait
Wait, but what's going on? Yesterday I was stupid.
because I knew since yesterday afternoon that
the contestant who was going to New Age today
Carmen Alcaide and you were live
I was going to tell you and I forgot to
that you told it like that, I'm stupid, wait
attention
eh No No wait it's worth it
I'm saying
penaa rael Bo Raquel boyo
based on Raquel Boyo based on the dome
case okay not published okay What
it happens but it is strong or
that
wait, something might surprise us
tonight Marina Eh yes expect a
second and sorry to leave it for the
end and I almost forgot or something
thank goodness not but let's see what you're putting
very high expectations
Hey wait
per
eh one second one second
eh I want to see that it is not waiting
Well
people are fans of Isapi out there no no
but tell him what isapi has done
tell him what he has done
isapi What's up
Marina no no no no no I'm not going Wait
Wait but you are not here
worrying no no no no
That's it. Let's see, wait. I'm talking.
with a
mate one second one second
eh Let's see
wait Raquel Boo has to see
we could present it we could
introduce her to Ju but not if they leave
aar eye
go to this evening
year but marina What's up Wait
wait and see I can wait TR 2 minutes
me
forgive me, this is what is done
usually good than a second By
Please wait a second, but what for?
It's about pizzas, it's not Raquel Boyo's.
It's a mid-set Med yes wait a
new contestant
a new contest no no no no no one
interview
new
No
not the future Amador dala Amador
Moedano Amador Moedano wanted to wait for me
behind a car and hit me with a
table to put you in some context
He is Roco's brother
Jury is another of my achievements on the internet
not that Rosi Jurado's brother
I want to hit with a board but Marina
nothing is that it has already been published but
really let's see I also had
knowledge of this but I'm not very
sure because I'm talking okay I know
ha
published Yes yes it has been published but
Okay, but wait
I would challenge him to come to Jin to see if he
dare to see d has the man 80 and
so many years I don't know if it's too much for
jin But good for jin and yang Yes
It could be per pas that the man does not
can't even lift it up anymore. Okay, me, me, me.
wants to throw the dogs out eh That's it
true eh that I have been carrying chipis chipon since
then but Marina Tell me Look at you
people here are people here in water eh
Let's see, eh, I was talking.
with a partner weeks ago and
just a little while ago he was talking
with another person and such and there was an issue
who had been talking to a
person and that just another one does a
while I had confirmed I thought that no
had been published but it had been
Jesus had already published it
Manuel then does
eh Let's see, well look, two or three days ago
Oh damn
eh what is left to confirm are the
presenters And I don't know how good it is
people I don't know if you know And it is that
from September onwards, which is more or less the case.
less lateness evidently disappears and
It will be Mandarin who will stay
with the afternoons of tele5 Santi Acosta O
be in the end the theme of Friday is
moves to the afternoons of Tele5 and what not
It is very clear that they are the presenters
Although they had told me
but it is not fixed it is not fixed I don't know if it will
be Santi Acosta or I don't know I don't know no
I know the movements that there will be
but be careful but that Jesus also explains that
Gloria Camila doesn't have a boyfriend, but that's it.
Well, I told that to my partner Leti.
lvaro Garca Who
who is the boyfriend Alvaro Garcia is a
Singer, I think he's on Tele5, I think.
I believe I believe I believe
I think, I think, Mira, well, Gloria has a boyfriend.
Camila Bueno And who is she and what is she?
What's up, what were you going to do to us?
tell can tell that there is a program
new is that I have not understood it Yes as
What is going to happen, no, no, not a program
new not to be late
disappears after summer And that's going to
be the mandarin producer who is
the same as Friday who stays
with the afternoon slot from the cco
Ah
yes Santi Acosta blah blah blah blah blah blah
So, well, that's not known for the moment.
The presenters know, although I do.
that they had told me but not at the moment
Obviously, it is not known, there is much left
time That's what I thought hadn't happened
published and it's been weeks since
I spoke to a colleague, but no, no.
It was not confirmed or anything but it was
I was betting on it, in the end it's the team
It's Friday, which is I think it's a
heart the closest thing to save me without
be
save me I think they will do better or
less well and what I don't know is what will happen
with the afternoon And how they will relocate a little to
Personal I don't know what will happen there I don't know
what will happen
And that's what I thought, I'm telling you.
eh That's why I was
looking at it seems that discord looks But
I imagine it will be by now
close no Let's see the truth is that
the well probably in those afternoons
have much more room the truth is that
the truth is that the one about Ana Rosa by
the
late [ __ ] Well I don't know if I have the
disk in the computer Wait, it's the
Discord is a program that they use.
the kids this for such and such And I
do yes I have the new ones good I know
is updating to the new ones
technologies but I know it as I already know
I have WhatsApp and since I already have others
Things, well no, but wait, I'll look at it.
Hey, dasas, what do you think about them wearing
mandarin in the afternoons of
tele5 Or do you prefer Who is it But why
He sent me this What did he send you?
I know he sent me a photo of the kido But
I don't understand the Por
what I don't understand by Ah I thought it was
lerl when you put it first for me
but no no no no it's not the kido But no
I understand why I M Who is this
he
Kid
kido this who is Amador muedano says
Dallas Yes man Yes
man
Well, then, nothing will happen, we will be attentive.
from that new program, let me see it
It is true that I think that the program of
Ana Rosa has been a failure because
that is made to be around
mornings and it has been a complete or so
Now they seem to be moving non-stop
things between C and in the end you are messing up
more like be still because it is that
not that any program is established
yes it is survivors and the island is what
The only thing that works, eh, the only thing
only bad less bad Less bad because
If not, listen to me in Madrugas
What time is it to get up early tomorrow?
eh at 8 around there at 8 around there of course
I'm coming, I'm going to do 12 hours of
car Well more or less 10 more or
less slowly eh yes
walking You'll see, you'll see, but you'll go
accompanied not in the car Yes yes he comes
camera but come on I'll do it myself eh
Also, [ __ ] to Valencia, [ __ ] to Valencia
I did it will be worse Valencia Valencia it
I did
c I'm going there and I left it would be 2 o'clock
In the morning I did the report and went back
Well tomorrow the same but tomorrow I go with
the cameraman I go with Ale I go with the cameraman
Oh, okay, well, let's see what he'll tell us.
so let's see what the truth is Let's see what
such mother of mine I want to meet
character You know him No I don't have that one
pleasure I think you're going to do well, eh?
Plus, it's going to look super cool on you, let's go.
sure I think it has I think that
It has chicha, there are planes, I don't like it
take a plane and take those things and
I have a car, so why am I going to take one?
plane that's not going to go to you Cool but come on
It seems like a beating to me, I'm hallucinating
with you eh but more of a beating is to take a
train so you have to go to the
station to have train and now then not
You have a car there for you to drive around
Besides, I think it's like on the outskirts
from Madrid, eh, I mean, it's like it's not even
It's not even me with the car in a place
Listen to me, I haven't noticed what that is.
from the Fenes club we have up there
that many people ask where
can get the shirts now
because Fran's website was already given
low and there you have the shirts that
Fox takes it in case anyone wants it
me saying why it comes out there like a
hedgehog I don't know what the hell this is What is it
a hedgehog Fran's hedgehog Ah how cool
Well, divine. Well, nothing, have a lot
Be careful tomorrow and that and what do I know?
Come on, it seems like a beating to me for 12 hours.
by car on the same day but oh well yes
You look capable, I look capable, a kiss
family sea good handsome
Guys, see you tomorrow tomorrow.
I will surely arrive for the kids
totally Lili a kiss
[Music]
are
Yo
am i you H you
[Music]
H the it wasay What
aing heartbeats
and
are are
[Music]
on
sc
to the
to the an